
Skip to main content
Peloton Support Help Center home page

    Shop Bike
    Shop Tread
    Shop Accessories
    Shop Apparel

    Showrooms
    Reviews
    Membership
    Schedule
    Instructors
    Support

    Sign In

    NYC Studios

All Systems Operational

    Peloton Support Membership Membership Details 

    Bike
        Getting Started With Your Bike
            Adjusting Your Bike Settings
            Adjusting Your Peloton Bike+
            Attaching and tightening your bike cleats
            Buying A Used Peloton Bike
            Can I Purchase A Peloton Bike If I Live Outside The USA?
            Casting Classes From Your Peloton Device To A Smart TV
            Clipping into your Peloton Bike
            Entering Payment Information On The Bike
            How many calories are burned per ride?
            How to activate if you didn't purchase the Bike?
            How To Use Auto-Follow On The Peloton Bike+
            How to use the adjustment levers
            Leveling Your Bike
            Pairing Your Apple Watch With The Peloton Bike+
            Peloton Bike and Bike+ Extended Warranty
            Peloton Bike and Bike+ Limited Home Use Warranty
            Peloton Bike Dimensions
            Peloton Bike Manual
            Peloton Bike+ Calibration
            Peloton Bike+ Dimensions
            Peloton Bike+ Manual
            Peloton Bike+ Overview
            Peloton Bike+ Trade-In FAQ
            Peloton Manuals
            Placing Your Peloton In Your Home
            Tips when gifting the Peloton Bike
            Using your Activation Key
            What are the rider weight and height requirements?
            What do I need to activate my Bike?
        Bike Troubleshooting
            A Noise is Coming From My Peloton Bike
            Adjusting the tension screw on your pedal
            Bike+ Audio Jack Not Functioning
            Bike+ No Power
            Calibration
            No Metrics On Touchscreen During Class
            Removing Cleats Stuck In Pedal
            Replacing The Peloton Bike Touchscreen
            Sending A Diagnostic Report To Peloton
            Sending A Screen Capture
        Using the Bike
            Apple GymKit On The Peloton Bike+
            Bike Bootcamp Classes
            Caring For Your Bike
            First Position
            How The Peloton Bike Calculates Power Output (Watts)
            Maintaining and Replacing Your Pedals
            Moving Peloton Bikes
            Peloton Bike Accessibility: TalkBack Screen Reader
            Peloton Bike Class Descriptions
            Peloton Bike Storage Temperature
            Peloton Bike+ Accessibility: TalkBack Screen Reader
            Peloton PR70P Clip-In Pedal Recall
            Riding with a seat cushion
            Riding With Padded Shorts
            Second position
            Selling Your Used Peloton Bike
            Target Metrics
            Third position
            Tightening your bike seat
            Understanding your metrics
            What Content Can I Access Without A Membership?
    Tread
        Getting Started with Your Tread
            Adjusting The Touchscreen's Position
            Leveling Your Peloton Tread+
            Peloton Tread and Tread+ Extended Warranty Coverage
            Peloton Tread and Tread+ Limited Home Use Warranty
            Peloton Tread and Tread+ Usage Requirements
            Peloton Tread+ Dimensions And Specifications
            Peloton Tread+ Manual
            Peloton Tread+ Storage Temperature
            Preparing For Your Peloton Tread
            Rubber Smell From The Peloton Tread+
            Tread FAQs
            Tread+ Adjustments
            Tread+ Placement
            What Type Of Flooring Can The Tread+ Go On?
        Using the Tread
            Can I Switch A Tread Touchscreen For A Bike Touchscreen?
            Can I Use My Apple Watch With The Tread?
            Caring For Your Tread
            Caring For Your Tread+
            How Much Horsepower Does The Tread+ have?
            Making An Emergency Stop
            Peloton Tread and Tread+ Class Types
            Peloton Tread Manual
            Relocating Your Peloton Tread+
            Safety Features
            Streaming From The Tread+ Touchscreen To Television
            The Peloton Tread Camera
            Tread Shedding Black Shavings
            Tread+ Speed and Incline
            Using Your Peloton Tread
            Video Chatting From The Tread+
            Water Tray Weight Capacity
        Tread Troubleshooting
            Blinking Red Lights On The Peloton Tread
            Broken Piece On A Peloton Tread
            Delayed or Incorrect Metrics On The Tread+
            Hearing Noise From My Peloton Tread
            Peloton Error Pill
            Peloton Tread Maintenance
            Peloton Tread Not Receiving Power
            Peloton Tread Touchscreen Not Powering On
            Slat Belt Sagging Underneath The Tread+
            Tread Unexpectedly Stops
            Why does my Tread+ feel slanted?
    App + TV
        Amazon Fire
            Peloton App on Fire TV and Fire Tablet FAQs
        Android
            Connecting Your Heart Rate Monitor To The Peloton Android App
            How Do I Cast with the Peloton App for Android?
            How Do I Download The Peloton App For Android TV?
        iOS
            Apple Health
            Apple Watch FAQs
            Connecting A Cadence Sensor To Peloton Digital for iOS
            How Do I Cast With The Peloton App for iOS?
            How do I use Airplay with the Peloton iOS app?
            How To Download And Use The Peloton App On Apple TV
            I am having trouble accessing classes on my Peloton iOS app
            Installing the Peloton Apple Watch App
            Preloading Classes On The Peloton App For iOS
            Taking A Class With Your Apple Watch
            Trouble Viewing Features On iOS App
            Using GPS on the Peloton Digital App (iOS)
        Roku
            How To Download And Use The Peloton App On Roku
    Orders
        Delivery
            COVID-19 Bike and Tread Delivery Status
            Delivery Estimates For Your Order
            Apparel Shipping & Payment Options
            Can I Pick The Tread+ Up From The Delivery Hub Instead of Having It Delivered?
            Delivery Reschedule FAQs
            Giving The Gift Of Peloton
            Out Of Area Bike and Tread Policy
            Out Of Warranty Repairs
            Peloton's Coronavirus Prevention Measures
            Property Damage
            Self-Service Rescheduling
            Self-Service Scheduling
            What To Expect From The In-Home Delivery And Set Up Of Your Peloton Bike
        Returns + Exchanges
            Apparel Return Policy
            Exchanging Your Shoes
            Home Trial Program
            Peloton Return Policy
            Peloton Tread+ Return Policy
            Self-Service Cancellation
            Updating or Cancelling Apparel Orders
    Membership
        Account + Profile
            Activating Your Tread+ Account
            Adding additional riders to your Peloton bike
            Adding Friends On Your Peloton Account
            Apparel Account
            Can I purchase more than one membership at a time?
            Canceling or Pausing your All-Access Membership
            Changing your Peloton Username or Password
            How do I transfer my Digital Membership to a different device?
            How to Remove a Follower
            Linking to Facebook
            Peloton X Fitbit FAQs
            Setting Up Your Peloton Account
            Strava X Peloton FAQs
            Updating your Profile
            Using Your Membership on Other Bikes
            Will classes taken on the digital Platforms show up on my Peloton workout history?
        Billing + Payment
            Do I Need To Pay For A Second All-Access Membership?
            Do I Need To Pay For Two Memberships If I Own a Peloton Bike and Tread?
            Does Peloton Offer A Military/First Responder Discount?
            Financing Options
            Financing options for the Tread+
            How Do I Begin My 30-Day Free Trial?
            How To Cancel A Peloton Digital Membership
            I own a Peloton Bike, how do I activate my free Digital subscription?
            Insurance and/or Employer Reimbursement
            Membership Payment Information
            Puerto Rico Sales & Use Tax (IVU)
            Refer a Friend
            Sales Tax-Exemption
            Tax on the Peloton Membership
            Updating your billing information
            View Peloton Membership Receipt
        Membership Details
            Apparel Referral Credits
            Century Club Shirts
            Hotel Finder
            How Do I Change Which Languages I See Classes In?
            How many devices can I stream on at once?
            How To Send A High Five
            How To Set Your Profile To Private
            How To Unsubscribe from Emails/Mailings 
            Is Peloton Digital available outside of the United States?
            Managing Your Peloton Digital Membership
            Peloton App Availability In Canada And The UK
            Peloton Digital Membership
            Peloton Digital Membership Classes
            Peloton Purchase and Membership Terms
            Peloton x Beyoncé
            Rides Included With The Peloton All-Access Membership
            Tags
            Tread Century Club
            Tread Referral Program
            Using Your Peloton Digital Membership
            What Does The Peloton Digital Membership Offer?
            What Is The Difference Between The Peloton Digital Membership and The Peloton All-Access Membership?
            Work Out With Peloton While You Wait For Delivery
    Studio + Showrooms
        Peloton Showrooms
            Showrooms
            Stock Inquiries
        Booking at Peloton Studios
            Can I change the bike I booked?
            Do you have a beginner class?
            Do you offer class packages?
            I’m having issues with my account when trying to reserve a spot at the studio.
            Peloton Studios NY Booking and Account FAQs
            What happens if I need to cancel a reservation?
            When can I reserve my classes?
            When is the latest I can cancel a reservation?
        Live Classes at Peloton Studios
            Do I Have To Sign A Waiver To Participate In A Class?
            Do I Need To Bring Shoes and Water To The Class?
            Do you have locker rooms?
            Peloton Studios Coronavirus Prevention Measures
            Peloton Studios NY
            Peloton Studios NY FAQ
            What if it’s my first time visiting Peloton?
            What should I wear to class?
            Why does the instructor have a different screen?
            Will I be filmed during the class?
    More Categories
        Accessories
            Assembling Toe Cages
            Caring For The Peloton Heart Rate Monitor
            Cleaning your touchscreen
            Connecting A Heart Rate Monitor With The Peloton Bike
            Connecting a Heart Rate Monitor with the Peloton Tread+
            Connecting Your Heart Rate Monitor To Peloton Digital
            Difficulty Pairing Bluetooth Devices (ENOSPC Error)
            Hand Weights
            Heart Rate Monitor Troubleshooting
            Heart Rate Monitors Compatible With The Peloton Tread+
            Pairing Bluetooth Headphones
            Pairing Your Bluetooth Device with the Peloton Tread+
            Peloton Bike Mat
            Peloton Bike Shoes
            Peloton Heart Rate Monitors
            Recommended Bluetooth Headphones
            The right fit for cycling shoes
            Troubleshooting Bluetooth Devices
            Troubleshooting Headphones
            What are the dimensions of the exercise mat?
            What size weights should I purchase?
        Software
            Accessing Other Websites on the Tread or Tread+ Touchscreen
            Activation Error: Factory Reset
            Applying filters to the leaderboard
            Badges and Workout Details
            Bookmark, Filter, and Sort Rides
            Can I pause a live or on-demand ride?
            Can I view Netflix or TV On The Touchscreen?
            Changing The Language On Your Touchscreen
            Changing The Subtitles On Your Touchscreen
            Changing Units Of Measurement
            Connecting To A Wired Network
            Connecting To Your Wireless Network
            Connecting your FitBit, Apple Watch, or other third party device
            Deleting a ride
            Enabling Video Chat
            Factory Resetting Your Touchscreen
            Feature: Stacked Classes
            Heart Rate Zones
            How Do I Get Peloton Classes On My TV?
            How to hide on-demand classes which may contain explicit language
            How to View Closed Captioning on your Touchscreen
            Pairing your AirPods
            Peloton Challenges
            Peloton Playlist
            Power Zones
            Skip Intro
            Testing Your Wireless Connection
            Troubleshooting Internet Connectivity
            Troubleshooting Your Miracast
            Using The Microphone On Your Peloton
        Other
            Peloton Updates Regarding COVID-19
            Can I use the Peloton logo to make and sell products?
            Chase / Peloton: Statement Credit Offer
            Contact Member Support
            Extend/AIG Terms and Conditions
            How can I request a new feature?
            Open Source Acknowledgements
            Peloton Compliance Documentation
            Peloton Review Guidelines
            Scheduling A Session
            Security & Compliance
            Social Program: Sessions
            Social Programs: Scheduling
            Taken/Not Taken Library Filter
            TWG Peloton Bike Terms and Conditions
            TWG Peloton Tread Terms and Conditions

Peloton Purchase and Membership Terms

PELOTON SUBSCRIPTION TERMS AND CONDITIONS

By purchasing a Peloton Membership you agree to the following terms and conditions, which supplement and form a part of the Peloton Terms of Service.  Capitalized terms not defined here have the meaning given to them in the Peloton Terms of Service.

SUBSCRIPTION COVERAGE AND BILLING CYCLE

Subscriptions. By purchasing a Subscription you will get full access to all of Peloton’s available classes, content, and features on the Peloton Bike to which the Subscription is attached (or to your iOS account for Peloton App users) for as long as that Subscription remains active. The account holder of the Subscription will be the person who activated the Subscription (the “Subscription Holder”). As a Subscription Holder you may possess one or more Peloton Subscriptions.

Subscription Coverage. With a Subscription, other users in your household will have the same access to Peloton’s content that the Subscription Holder enjoys. The Subscription Holder will be the person responsible for all activity under the Subscription.

Billing Cycle. All Peloton Subscriptions recur on a monthly basis until they are cancelled in accordance with the terms below. Billing occurs at the beginning of the Subscription cycle and provides unlimited access for one month thereafter.

ACCOUNT REGISTRATION

Account Registration.  You can register by successfully completing a Peloton purchase, or by creating an account on the Peloton Site or the Peloton Bike, as further described in our Terms of Service.  All information that you provide must be accurate, including your name, address, credit, debit or charge card numbers and expiration dates, and any other payment information. You are responsible for keeping such information up-to-date and must provide changes promptly to your account page, which may be accessed at https://www.onepeloton.com/settings.  Peloton’s use of your information is governed by our Privacy Policy. YOU MUST PROMPTLY NOTIFY US OR OUR PAYMENT PROCESSOR IF YOUR PAYMENT METHOD IS CANCELED (E.G., FOR LOSS OR THEFT) OR IF YOU BECOME AWARE OF A POTENTIAL BREACH OF SECURITY, SUCH AS THE UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE OR USE OF YOUR USERNAME OR PASSWORD.

COMMITMENT AND PREPAID PERIODS

Commitment Period.  When you first sign up for a Subscription you may be required to agree to a specific price and plan, which may include a set commitment period term of one or more  (“Commitment Period”). You agree to maintain your Subscription for the applicable Commitment Period. The price available with your plan is valid until the Commitment Period expires, at which time your Subscription will automatically continue on a month-to-month basis at the then-existing non-promotional price for your Subscription level.

Prepaid Period. When you first sign up for a Subscription, you may be given the opportunity to prepay for a period of one or more years of your Subscription (“Prepaid Period”).  At the conclusion of your Prepaid Period, your Subscription will automatically continue on a month-to-month basis at the then-existing non-promotional price for your Subscription level.  Prepaid Periods may be different than Commitment Periods.

Other Offers. Peloton may offer additional promotions or discounts related to Subscriptions from time to time.  Please read the details of those offers carefully, as any additional terms presented to you during the sign-up process will form part of these Purchase and Subscription Terms. Unless specified in writing, all discount offers that require a payment are non-refundable, and all free months offered are in addition to the Commitment Period.  Any free trial or other promotion must be used within the specified time frame of the trial or promotion.  You may be required to have a valid payment method on file in order to initiate a free trial; if you do not cancel before your free trial period ends, your account will be converted to a paid Subscription and will be charged in accordance with these Purchase and Subscription Terms.

Auto-Renewal for Subscription Services. Unless you opt out of auto-renewal, your Subscription will be automatically extended following any Prepaid Period and Commitment Period on a month-to-month basis, at the then-current non-promotional rate. To change or terminate your Subscription, go to your Account Settings at https://www.onepeloton.com/settings or contact Member Support at 1-866-679-9129.  If you terminate your Subscription after your Prepaid Period or Commitment Period, you may use your Subscription until the end of the then-current term and your Subscription will not be renewed after the then-current term expires.  However, you won’t be eligible for a prorated refund of any portion of the Subscription fee paid for the then-current Subscription period. For more information on cancelling your Subscription, please read the following section.
TERMINATION OR CANCELLATION OF SUBSCRIPTION

Cancellation of Subscription. You may only cancel your Subscription after the expiration of your Commitment Period, except as described in the next paragraph. You agree that if you cancel your plan before the end of the Commitment Period, you will pay an early termination fee that includes, at a minimum, an immediate charge of the remaining balance on the Commitment Period.  Amounts prepaid for Prepaid Periods will not be refunded, except as described in the next paragraph.

Termination within the Refund Period. If you terminate and return your Peloton Bike in accordance with our Refund Policy, then any associated Subscription fees will be fully refunded to you.

Suspension/Termination by Peloton.

Peloton may immediately terminate or suspend your account, and all or a portion of your Subscription, without notice if: (a) your payment is more than 15 days overdue; (b) you provide false or inaccurate information; (c) you violate these Purchase and Subscription Terms, the Terms of Service or any other Peloton rules or agreements then in effect; (d) you engage in conduct that is a violation of any applicable law or tariff (including, without limitation, copyright and intellectual property laws); or (e) if you engage in conduct that is threatening, abusive or harassing to Peloton employees, agents, or other Peloton users, including, for example, making threats to physically harm or damage property.

If we terminate or suspend your Subscription, your license to use any software or content provided in connection with the Subscription is also terminated or suspended (as applicable). If your Subscription is terminated, Peloton has the right to immediately delete all data, files, and other information stored in or for your account without further notice to you. You must pay all charges through the date of termination. Should you wish to resume your Subscription after any suspension, a restoration of service fee may apply.  This fee is in addition to all past due unpaid charges and other fees.

PAYMENT

Subscription Holders agree to pay the monthly fee specified when you purchased your Peloton Bike and/or signed up for a Subscription. If the amount to be charged varies from the amount you preauthorized (other than due to the imposition or change in sales tax), you have the right to receive, and we will provide, notice of the amount to be charged and the date of the charge before the scheduled date of the transaction.  Any agreement you have with your payment provider will govern your use of your specified payment method.  You agree that we may accumulate charges incurred and submit them as one or more aggregate charges during or at the end of each billing cycle.

Your failure to terminate and/or continued use of your Subscription reaffirms that we are authorized to charge you for that Subscription.  We may submit those charges for payment and you will be responsible for such charges.  This does not waive our right to seek payment directly from you.

Billing Authorization. You may be asked to provide a credit, charge or debit card number from a card issuer that we accept in order to activate your Subscription – your authorizations in this section also apply to our payment processor and any other company who acts as a billing agent for us.  You hereby authorize us to charge your specified payment method on a monthly basis, in advance, for the Subscription and/or to place a hold on your payment method with respect to any unpaid charges for Subscriptions. You authorize the issuer of your selected payment method to pay any amounts described herein without requiring a signed receipt, and you agree that these Purchase and Subscription Terms shall be accepted as authorization to the issuer of the credit card to pay any amounts described herein, without requiring a signed receipt from you. You authorize us to continue to attempt to charge and/or place holds with respect to all sums described herein, or any portion thereof, to your payment method until such amounts are paid in full. You agree to provide updated payment information upon request and any time the information you previously provided is no longer valid. You acknowledge and agree that neither Peloton, nor any Peloton agent, will have any liability whatsoever for any insufficient funds or other charges incurred by you as a result of attempts to charge, and/or place holds on, your specified payment method as contemplated by these Purchase and Subscription Terms. If you provide a debit card number instead of a credit card number, you authorize all charges described herein to be applied to such debit card unless and until you provide a credit card number.

Third-Party Payment Processor. You agree to pay us, through our payment processor or financing partner (as applicable), all charges at the prices then in effect for any purchase in accordance with the applicable payment terms presented to you at the time of purchase. You agree to make payment using the payment method you provide when you set up your account. We reserve the right to correct, or to instruct our payment processor or financing partner to correct, any errors or mistakes, even if payment has already been requested or received.

Financing Purchase. If you finance the purchase of your Subscription, you agree to abide by the terms of the financing agreement that governs your purchase, which will be provided to you separately. Unless we tell you otherwise at the time of purchase, if you finance the purchase of a Subscription, your Commitment Period will be equal to the length of the financing. In addition, you agree to supply Peloton with a credit or debit card prior to the end of your Commitment Period, or your Subscription will terminate at the end of your Commitment Period.

Bill Inquiries and Refunds. If you believe you have been billed in error for a Subscription, please notify us within 60 days of the billing date by contacting Member Support at 1-866-679-9129 or emailing support@onepeloton.com. Peloton will not issue refunds or credits after the expiration of this 60-day period, except where required by applicable law.

 

Related articles

    Canceling or Pausing your All-Access Membership
    Selling Your Used Peloton Bike
    Peloton Return Policy
    Delivery Estimates For Your Order
    Casting Classes From Your Peloton Device To A Smart TV

Didn't Find What You're Looking for?
(866) 679-9129
Live Chat

Our team is available between 9 AM - 9 PM ET, 7 days a week.

    Learn
    Membership
    Live Schedule
    Bike Reviews
    Tread Reviews
    Bike Financing
    Tread Financing
    Instructors

    About
    Our Story
    Team
    Careers
    Press
    Global
    Blog
    Investors

    Visit Us
    Showrooms
    Commercial Bike
    Hotel Finder
    Book a Test Class

    Support
    Contact Us
    FAQs
    Return Policy
    Bike Warranty
    Tread Warranty
    Shipping

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Membership Terms
IP Policy
Yr CA Privacy Rights
© Peloton 2012-2021, Peloton Interactive, Inc. All rights reserved.
