
TE Connectivity (TE)    Need Help? +1 800 522 6752 or Live Chat
Track Your Order

US-EN

Skip Navigation
TE Connectivity

    Products
        Antennas
        Antennas
        Application Tooling
        Application Tooling
        Cable Assemblies
        Cable Assemblies
        Connectors
        Connectors
        EMI Filters
        EMI Filters
        Fiber Optics
        Fiber Optics
        Harnessing
        Harnessing
        Heat Shrink Tubing
        Heat Shrink Tubing
        Identification & Labeling
        Identification & Labeling
        Passive Components
        Passive Components
        Power Systems
        Power Systems
        Relays, Contactors & Switches
        Relays, Contactors & Switches
        Sensors
        Sensors
        Terminals & Splices
        Terminals & Splices
        Wire & Cable
        Wire & Cable

    SHOP BY BRAND
        Agastat
        Alcoswitch
        AMP
        AMPACT
        AMPOWER
        American Sensor Technologies (AST)
        Buchanan
        COPALUM
        Corcom
        DEUTSCH
        ENTRELEC
        FASTON
        HarnWare
        HIRSCHMANN MOBILITY
        Intercontec
        Kilovac
        Kissling
        Measurement Specialties
        Potter & Brumfield
        Raychem
        Rochester
        Schrack
        SEACON
    View All Brands
    Industries & Solutions
        Aerospace
        Appliances
        Automation & Control
        Automotive
        Autosport
        Communications & Wireless Equipment
        Connected Home
        Consumer Solutions
        Data Centers
        Defense & Military
        Energy & Utilities
        Hybrid & Electric Mobility
        Industrial Machinery
        Intelligent Buildings
        Medical & Healthcare
        Oil & Gas / Marine
        Rail
        Sensor Applications
        Truck, Bus & Off-Road Vehicles

    Trends
        IoT, 5G, & AI Technology
        Connected Life & Health Tech
        Electric Vehicles & Connected Transportation
        Industry 4.0 & Digital Factories
        Smart Connectivity for Cities
        Partnerships with Inventors & Entrepreneurs
        Digital Manufacturing, Materials Science, & 3D Printing
        From Inspiration to Innovation
        Engineering Leaders: Our Fellows, CTOs, and Select SMEs
    Resources
        TE.com Store
        Shop 1,000+ rugged connectors, available for purchase on TE.com
        Samples
        Request free samples of TE products
        Compare Products
        Evaluate up to 10 products
        My Lists
        Save preferred products you can export and share
        Customer Service
        Get expert answers fast
        Documents & Drawings
        Distributor Inventory
        Product Cross Reference
        Track TE Store & Sample Order
        Product Compliance
        Product Configurators & Selectors
        Electrical Models
        Management System Certifications
        NAFTA/USMCA
        View All Resources

Shop TE

    Sign In

Product List
Cart

Welcome to TE.com, you are viewing information for visitors in United States
CHOOSE ANOTHER SITE STAY ON THIS SITE

    Policies and Agreements 

Terms of Use for TE.com
Site Content

The information, material, concepts, program interfaces, structures, functionality, published materials, electronic documents, images, databases, text, and related graphic files (“Content”) available to users of TE Connectivity Corporation's website (“Website”) are provided and maintained by TE Connectivity Corporation, and its affiliates, which are part of the TE Connectivity Ltd. family of companies ("TE").
Acceptance of Terms and Changes to Terms and Website

By accessing, using or downloading Content from this Website, you agree without limitation or qualification to have read and to abide by these Terms of Use (“Terms”) and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations concerning use of this Website. If you do not agree to abide by these Terms, please do not view or use the Website or download Content from the Website.


TE reserves the right to add, change, or remove any part of these Terms at any time without notice. Any changes in these Terms will be prospective, unless retroactive effect is required by applicable laws. By continuing to use the Webite, you are indicating your acceptance of any changes to these Terms. TE may also add, change, discontinue, remove, or otherwise modify any other Content posted on this Website, including products and service features and specifications, temporarily or permanently, at any time without notice or liability. TE reserves the right to restrict or terminate any person’s access or use of the Website or a part of the Website without notice at any time without liability in its sole discretion.
 
Account Registration

You may wish to create an account on the Website in order to enjoy some special benefits and Website features. To create an account, you will need to complete and submit an Account Registration form in accordance with instructions that are included or linked to the form. Once we have received your completed Account Registration form and verified the accuracy of its contents, we will establish your Account and send you confirmation of our acceptance of your registration, along with your assigned login ID ("Access Code"). Before we can assign the access code, we must collect, process, and use personal information or data related to your work contact details on the Account Registration form that may be protected by worldwide data protection laws. You must consent to such collection/use/processing and must review and expressly agree to these Terms of Use and the TE Privacy Policy.


You must have a valid user ID and password to access your Account on the Website. You determine what password you will use and the identity of your password is not communicated to us. Upon repeated consecutive unsuccessful attempts to use your password, your access to the Account may be revoked. To re-establish your access to your Account, you must contact us to have your password reset. You accept all responsibility for the security of your user ID and password, and utilization of the Website and your Account via the Access Codes. This includes unauthorized access by your employees or third parties, except for access by third parties resulting from TE's sole negligence. Notify TE immediately if your employment with your organization is terminated, if you wish to terminate your user ID and password, or if you wish have these access codes reissued. Do not disclose your Access Codes to anyone. In the event of theft or loss of a password or User ID, you shall immediately notify TE by telephone and shall concurrently provide written notice of the circumstances surrounding the event.
 
Privacy Policy

Personal information provided to TE or collected through or in connection with access to or use of this Website or creation of an account on the Website shall be used and processed in accordance with TE’s Privacy Policy. These Terms of Use are subject to the Privacy Policy posted on this Website. 
Warranties and Disclaimers

While TE has made every reasonable effort to ensure the accuracy of the information on this website, TE does not guarantee that all information is error-free, nor does TE make any other representation, warranty, or guarantee that the information is accurate, correct, reliable, or current. TE reserves the right to make any adjustments to the information contained herein at any time without notice. TE expressly disclaims all implied warranties regarding the information contained herein, including, but not limited to, any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. The dimensions in this catalog are for reference purposes only and are subject to change without notice. Specifications are subject to change without notice. For the latest dimensions and design specifications, contact the TE Product and Customer Support team.

 

Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. In such case, such exclusions shall be limited to the greatest extent permitted by applicable local laws.

 

TE and its subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, representatives, licensors, and suppliers shall have no liability for any damages or injury resulting from your access to, or inability to access, this Website, or from your reliance on any Content posted on the Website. TE shall have no liability for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer system or other property in connection with your access to or use of the Website, or your downloading of any Content from the Website. 
Indemnity and Limitation of Liability

You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold TE and its subsidiaries, affiliates, and representatives harmless from and against any and all liability and costs (including fees and expenses) incurred in relation to or arising from any breach by you of these Terms of Use or from your violation of applicable law, regulation, or rights of any third party in connection with your access or use of the Website.

 

In no event shall TE or its subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, representatives, or suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages of any kind, or any other damages whatsoever arising out of or in connection with the access, use, inability to access, or use this Website, the Content, or any user content, even if TE has been advised of the possibility of such damages. 

 

Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow some of the foregoing exclusions and limitations of liability. In such case, such exclusions and limitations shall be limited to the greatest extent permitted by applicable local laws. 
Intellectual Property / Use Restrictions

Product names, trade and company names, trade and service marks, tradedress logos, and taglines (collectively "Trademarks") displayed on the Website, whether marked or unmarked, might be registered or unregistered Trademarks of a TE company or a third party. Nothing herein or set forth on the Website shall be construed as granting a license or right to use any Trademarks without written permission, except for any specific use permitted under trade mark law or other laws. You are therefore required to contact the right holder to obtain permission before making use of Trademarks.


The Content of this Website is protected by Copyright Laws of the U.S. and other countries and international treaty provisions and is owned by, or licensed to TE group of companies. You may download Content only for your personal use for non-commercial purposes, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices, but no modification or further reproduction of the Content is permitted. Website Content may not be distributed, reproduced, publicly displayed, downloaded, modified, reused, re-posted, or otherwise used except as provided herein without the express prior written permission of TE. All other rights reserved. See Copyright Policy/DMCA on this Website for additional information. 
Forward-Looking Statements

Some Content on this Website may contain various projections or "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on TE management’s current expectations and are subject to risks, uncertainty, and changes in circumstances, which may cause actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from anticipated results, performance, or achievements.

 

You are cautioned that these statements are only predictions and not a guarantee of future performance. Economic, business, competitive, and/or regulatory factors affecting TE’s businesses are examples of factors, among others, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. More detailed information about these and other factors is set forth in TE’s documents filed with or furnished to the US Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements made by TE speak only as of the date these are made. TE has no intention and is under no obligation to update or alter (and expressly disclaims any such intention or obligation to) its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except to the extent required by law.
Product / Service Availability

This Website may reference specific TE products and services that may not be available in a particular country or location. Note that such a reference does not imply or warrant that any such products and services shall be available at any time in any particular country. Please contact your local TE business contact/sales representative for further information.
Third-Party Websites

TE’s publication of Content regarding third-party products or services does not constitute an endorsement regarding the accuracy or suitability of such products or services nor any warranty, representation, or endorsement of any such products or services, either standing alone or in connection with any TE product or service. This Website may provide links or references to other third-party websites as convenience to the users of this Website. TE has no responsibility for the content, security, or privacy practices of such other websites and shall not be liable for any damages or injury arising from that content, security, or privacy practices.
Choice of Law

This Website is operated and administered from within the United States. If you access this Website from a location outside of the United States, you are responsible for compliance with all applicable local laws. These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions. You agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts located in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania for the resolution of all disputes and claims and causes of action related to or arising from these Terms and/or your use of the Website. 
Waiver and Severability

Failure by TE to enforce any part of these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such provisions. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be replaced by a valid provision and the remaining provisions shall be enforced.
Headings

The headings of the sections of the Terms of Use are for convenience only and do not constitute a part hereof or affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of these Terms.
Terms and Conditions of Sale

    Read TE's Terms and Conditions of Sale

Terms of Use

    Brazil (Portuguese)

Updated 2015

    About TE Connectivity
        Our Company
        Executive Team
        Engineering Leaders
        Events
        TE News Center
        Careers
        Investors
    For Partners
        Distributors
        Suppliers
    Support

        Customer Service

        Find Authorized Distributors

        Product FAQs

        Samples FAQs

        TE Store FAQs

        Terms and Conditions of Sale

        Samples Terms and Conditions

    Call Us

    Live Chat
    United States (EN)
        Select Country & Language
        United States (EN)
        Germany (DE)
        China (中文)
        Japan (日本語)

    Terms of Use Privacy CA Privacy Cookie Policy Accessibility Site Map

    © 2021 TE Connectivity. All Rights Reserved.

    Facebook
    Twitter
    LinkedIn
    YouTube
    Instagram

Feedback Link