DXC TECHNOLOGY SERVICES PURCHASE ORDER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
UNITED STATES DECEMBER 2019
1
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Unless this order (“Order”), also referred to as an “Agreement”, issued pursuant to
an executed procurement agreement between DXC Technology Services LLC or an
Affiliate or subsidiary of DXC Technology Services LLC issuing the Order (“DXC
Technology Services or DXC”) and the person or entity identified as supplier
(“Supplier”), this Order and any attachments are the sole agreement between DXC
and Supplier with respect to the products (“Products”) and /or services (“Services”)
specified herein. No other documents, including Supplier’s proposals, invoices,
quotations or acknowledgements become part of this Order unless approved in writing
by DXC. No waiver of a term or condition or modification of this Order shall be
binding on either party unless in writing and signed by authorized representative of
each party. If this Order is issued pursuant to a procurement agreement between DXC
Technology Service LLC or an Affiliate or subsidiary of DXC Technology Services
LLC, said procurement agreement will control any conflicting terms.
party service provider. Supplier acknowledges and agrees that use of such
process may entail disclosure of information to the service provider about the
purchasing relationship between DXC and the Supplier, provided that such
service provider is bound by DXC to confidentiality obligations as to Supplier’s
information substantially similar to those provided under these terms. If Supplier
fails to implement the electronic invoicing process within a reasonable time (not
to exceed ninety (90) days after DXC’s request, DXC may withhold payment on
any invoice not received electronically until such time as Supplier submits the
invoice electronically.
3 SHIPMENT, DELIVERY AND IMPORT/EXPORT
3.1
Late Delivery. Supplier shall give DXC prompt notice of any prospective failure
to ship Products or provide Services on the delivery date specified by DXC (the
“Delivery Date”).
3.2
Portion of Products/Services Available. If only a portion of Products and/or
Services is available for shipment or performance to meet the Delivery Date,
Supplier shall promptly notify DXC and proceed unless otherwise directed by
DXC. Supplier shall be responsible for any cost increase in the shipment of
Products due to its failure to meet the Delivery Date and/or if such method does
not comply with DXC’ shipping instructions.
3.3
Non-Compliant Delivery. Overshipments and/or early deliveries may be
returned at Supplier’s sole expense, or DXC may delay processing the early
delivery invoice until the Delivery Date.
3.4
(Intentionally Omitted)
3.5
Trade Controls. DXC and Supplier will comply with all applicable export, import
and trade-related laws and regulations of the United States and other nations. To
this effect, Supplier warrants that: (i) if necessary and upon DXC’ request, it will
provide DXC with technical specifications concerning commodities, software,
technology or services covered by this agreement sufficient for DXC to
determine the appropriate export and import classification of such items under
applicable regulations; (ii) to the best of the Supplier’s knowledge, the Supplier
is not listed on any U.S. Government international trade sanctions lists and that
Supplier will give immediate notice to DXC in the event that it is so listed; and
(iii) Supplier agrees that before releasing, transferring, or exporting any restricted
products, software, technology, technical data or technical assistance to Country
Groups D:1, E:1 and E:2 as identified in Supplement No. 1 to Part 740 of the
U.S. Export Administration
Regulations,
and
posted
in
the
Supplier
Portal
(see
http://assets1.dxc.technology/contact_us/downloads/Supplier_Export_Require
ments.pdf): (i) Supplier will obtain any required US government authorization;
and (ii) if any such restricted software, technology, technical data or technical
assistance is provided by DXC, Supplier will obtain written authorization from
DXC, and (iii) the Supplier agrees to be the exporter of record and assumes
responsibility in complying with all applicable export laws including U.S. export
and re-export laws and regulations.
4 CHANGES
4.1
Change or Cancellation. DXC may, without charge, change or cancel any
portion of this Order including, without limitation, quantity required, DXC
designs or specifications prior to shipment provided DXC gives Supplier notice.
If DXC changes or cancels any portion of this Order as provided above, Supplier
shall provide DXC with a written claim for adjustment prior to shipment which
contemplates Supplier’s actual costs incurred as a direct result of such change or
cancellation which are not recoverable by either: (i) the sale of Products or
provision of Services to other parties within a reasonable time or (ii) the exercise
by Supplier, in a commercially reasonable manner, of other mitigation measures.
If the parties are unable to agree on the adjustment amount, DXC may, without
any liability to Supplier, terminate this Order as to all Products and/or Services
affected.
4.2
No Process or Design Changes. Supplier shall not make any process or design
changes affecting Products or Services without DXC’ prior written consent.
4.3
Forecasts. Any forecasts provided by DXC shall not constitute a commitment of
any type by DXC.
4.4
Discontinuance of Products. Supplier shall provide at least twelve (12) months
written notice to DXC prior to Supplier’s discontinuance of manufacturing any
Products. Such notice shall include, at a minimum, DXC part numbers,
substitutions, and last date that orders will be accepted for such Products.
5 QUALITY
Supplier shall maintain a quality system that ensures compliance that all Products
and/or Services set forth in this Order, or otherwise supplied to DXC, will meet the
standards specified in Supplier’s quality system. If requested, Supplier shall provide
DXC with a copy of Supplier’s quality system and supporting test documentation.
6 WARRANTY
6.1
Warranties. Supplier warrants that all software, Services and Products will (i) be
manufactured, processed, and assembled by Supplier or its authorized
subcontractors; (ii) be free from malware, known security vulnerabilities, defects
in design, material and workmanship; (iii) conform to specifications, including
DXC’ General Specification for the Environment and any requirements and
certifications regarding any rules, regulations or laws pursuant to the return of
hazardous material; (iv) be new and contain first-quality components and parts;
“Affiliate” means any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by, under common
control with, or controlling a Party, and specifically includes without limitation,
subsidiaries, partnerships, joint ventures, and other entities or operations for which
the Party has operational or management control. For the purposes of this definition,
control means the power, direct or indirect, to direct, or cause the direction of the
management and policies of such entity whether by contract or otherwise and, in any
event and without limitation of the previous sentence, owning the majority of the
voting stock, shares, securities or assets of another entity.
“DXC Data” means the content, information and data pertaining to DXC and/or DXC
Customers that is submitted to or accessed by Supplier pursuant to this Agreement.
DXC Data may include, but is not limited to the following, each of which is defined
more fully herein, DXC Sensitive Information, Confidential Information, Personal
Information, and Protected Health Information (PHI).
“DXC Sensitive Information” means DXC Confidential Information, Intellectual
Property, PHI, DXC Customer data, and Personal Information.
“Maintenance and Support” means updates, upgrades, patches, fixes, etc. and
technical support provided for the Products and Services that Supplier is required to
provide directly to DXC or a DXC Customer.
“Software as a Service” or “SaaS” means a licensing delivery model wherein
software or other hosted services are licensed on a subscription basis, centrally
hosted, and remotely accessed by users.
2
PRICES/TAXES, PAYMENT TERMS AND ACCEPTANCE
2.1
Price. If pricing is not stated on this Order or in an executed procurement
agreement, then Supplier’s pricing shall not exceed the lowest prices charged by
Supplier to other similarly situated customers. Except as otherwise provided in
this Order, such prices are inclusive of applicable value added tax and other
similar taxes (collectively “VAT”), freight charges and duties.
2.2
Taxes. DXC shall pay or reimburse Supplier for Value Added Tax, GST, PST,
Sales and Use or any similar transaction taxes imposed on the sale of Products
and/or Services sold to DXC under this Order provided the taxes are statutorily
imposed either jointly or severally on DXC. DXC shall not pay or reimburse
Supplier for any taxes which are statutorily imposed on Supplier including but
not limited to taxes imposed on Supplier’s net or gross income, capital, net worth,
property, or any employment related taxes on Supplier or Supplier’s Personnel.
Where Services are performed and/or Products are produced, sold or leased by
Supplier in the same country as that of use by DXC, an Affiliate of DXC, or
DXC’ Customer, then invoicing and payment shall be by and between such local
country entities of the parties, unless otherwise agreed upon by the parties in
writing.
If DXC or an Affiliate of DXC is required by law to make any deduction or to
withhold from any sum payable hereunder, then the sum payable by DXC or such
Affiliate of DXC upon which the deduction is based shall be paid to Supplier net
of such legally required deduction or withholding.
2.3
U.S. Sales and Use Tax. For U.S. purposes, and notwithstanding any language
to the contrary above, prices are exclusive of Sales and Use tax. Such taxes, if
applicable, shall be added separately in Supplier’s invoice, and DXC shall remit
such taxes to Supplier. Supplier will not invoice or otherwise attempt to collect
from DXC any taxes with respect to which DXC has provided Supplier with (i)
a valid resale or exemption certificate, (ii) evidence of direct payment authority,
or (iii) other evidence, reasonably acceptable to Supplier , that such taxes do not
apply.
2.4
Payment Terms. DXC agrees to pay Supplier the undisputed amount of an
invoice within ninety (90) days after the receipt of a valid, complete and properly
documented invoice. Any prompt payment discount will be calculated from the
date a conforming invoice is received by DXC. Payment will be in U.S. currency
unless otherwise stated. Payment will not constitute acceptance of Products
and/or Services or impair DXC’ right to inspect. Acceptance shall be when DXC
deems the Products and/or Services to meet its specified criteria (“Acceptance”).
DXC, at its option, and without prior notice to Supplier, shall have the right to
set off or deduct from any Supplier’s invoice, any credits, refunds or claims of
any kind due DXC.
2.5
Invoicing. Except as may be prohibited by Applicable Laws, Supplier will
implement an electronic invoicing process upon request by DXC and at
Supplier’s sole expense, to submit invoices electronically to DXC or DXC’ third-
party service provider in the electronic format specified by DXC or such third-DXC TECHNOLOGY SERVICES PURCHASE ORDER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
UNITED STATES DECEMBER 2019
6.2
6.3
6.4
7
8
(v) be free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, restrictions, and claims against
title or ownership; and (vi) not infringe any patent, trademark, copyright or other
intellectual property right of a third party, and (vii) all Services will be performed
in a professional manner.
Survival of Warranties. Except for non-infringement in Section 6.1 (vi). above
which shall survive indefinitely, all other warranties specified herein shall: (i)
survive any inspection, delivery, Acceptance, or payment by DXC (ii) be in
effect for the longer of Supplier’s normal warranty period or the one (1) year
period following the date of Acceptance of the Products and/or Services by DXC
and (iii) extend to DXC and its successors, assigns, and customers.
Epidemic Failure Warranty. Supplier warrants all Products against Epidemic
Failure for a period of three years after DXC’ Acceptance. Epidemic Failure
means the occurrence of the same failure, defect, or nonconformity with an Order
in 2% or more of Products within any three-month period.
DXC’ Right to Inspect. DXC may, at any time, inspect the software, Services,
or Products and associated manufacturing processes. Inspection may occur at
the Supplier’s facility, plant or subcontractor’s plant. Supplier will inform its
vendors and subcontractors of DXC’ right to inspect and shall secure that right
for DXC if necessary.
NON-COMPLYING PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES
7.1
Non-Compliance. Any Products or Services that are not in conformity with the
requirements of an Order (“Non-Complying Products” and “Non-Complying
Services”, respectively), may be returned at DXC’ option at Supplier’s risk and
expense. DXC may procure similar Products or Services in substitution for the
Non-Complying Products or Services, and Supplier shall refund the cost of the
Non-Complying Products and Service and reimburse DXC upon demand for all
additional costs incurred by DXC.
7.2
Epidemic Failure Remedy. If an Epidemic Failure occurs, all costs, including
but not limited to, replacement Products, parts, upgrades, materials, labor,
transportation and inventory replacement arising from an Epidemic Failure shall
be borne by Supplier, regardless of whether DXC initiates a field stocking recall
or customer-based recall or retrofit, including Products in distributor inventory
and DXC’ installed base. Supplier, at its expense, will ensure that such Products,
parts or upgrades have the highest shipping priority. DXC reserves the right to
procure, upon terms it deems appropriate, similar products to substitute the
affected Products, and Supplier shall promptly reimburse DXC for all costs,
charges, prices and fees paid in purchasing the substitute products.
DEFAULT
8.1
If Supplier fails to perform or breaches any provision of this Order, or any other
order or agreement with DXC, DXC may terminate the whole or any part of this
Order, unless Supplier cures the breach within ten (10) business days after receipt
of DXC’ notice of breach. The term “breach” shall include, without limitation,
any: (i) proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, in bankruptcy or
insolvency by or against Supplier; (ii) appointment, with or without Supplier’s
consent, of a receiver or an assignee for the benefit of creditors; (iii) failure to
provide DXC with reasonable assurances of performance on DXC’ request; or
(iv) other failure to comply with this Order. In the event that DXC terminates
this Order in whole or in part as provided in Section 7.1, DXC may procure,
Products or Services similar to the Products or Services as to which this Order is
terminated. Supplier shall reimburse DXC upon demand for all additional costs
incurred.
8.2
10.2
10.3
10.4
10.5
10.6
Continued Performance. Any disputed matter, including but not limited to,
DXC’s withholding of disputed invoice amounts, will not constitute a breach of
this Agreement or be grounds for Supplier to restrict or suspend its provision of
deliverables, Products, and/or Services to DXC or any DXC Affiliates who avail
themselves of this Agreement and the services detailed throughout while the
dispute is pending or being resolved. For the avoidance of doubt, Supplier will
continue to perform its obligations under the Agreement despite the withholding
of payment related to matters in dispute until the dispute is resolved.
10.7
9
LICENSE GRANT
If Products include software, firmware or documentation, Supplier grants to
DXC a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty free, worldwide license to use,
reproduce, display, prepare derivative works of the documentation and distribute
such works, software, firmware or documentation directly or as integrated into
DXC products, and to sublicense such rights to third parties.
Supplier shall identify all licenses and deliver to DXC all materials required to
meet the requirements of any licenses for third party software that is included in
the Products. Supplier shall deliver to DXC the source code for any software
licensed under a license that has a source availability requirement (such as the
GNU General Public License). If the source code is not included with the
material that Supplier has previously delivered, Supplier shall deliver within
seven (7) days after DXC’ request the source code for any software licensed
under an open source license that has a source availability requirement. Supplier
grants DXC the right to duplicate and distribute the materials as necessary.
10 INDEMNIFICATION, INSURANCE, AND CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
10.1 General Indemnification. Supplier agrees to protect, defend, indemnify and save
DXC harmless from all sums, costs and expenses as a result of any and all loss,
expense, damage, liability, claims, demands, either at law or in equity, resulting
10.8
from any personal injury or death, or damages to property resulting directly or
indirectly from the performance of Supplier hereunder.
Intellectual Property Indemnification. Supplier agrees to defend, indemnify, and
hold harmless DXC and its affiliates, subsidiaries, assigns, agents,
subcontractors, distributors and customers (collectively “Indemnitees”) from and
against all claims, losses, demands, fees, damages, liabilities, costs, expenses,
obligations, causes of action, suits, or injuries, of any kind or nature, arising from:
(i) any claim that Supplier’s Products or Services, or the use, sale or importation
of them, infringes any intellectual property right. Without limiting the foregoing,
Supplier will pay all costs, damages and expenses (including reasonable
attorneys’ fees) incurred by DXC and/or its Indemnitees and will pay any award
with respect to any such claim or agreed to in settlement of that claim.
Infringing Products or Services. If the use of any Products or Services is enjoined
(collectively, “Infringing Products”), Supplier shall at its expense procure the
right for DXC to continue using or receiving the Infringing Products. If Supplier
is unable to do so, Supplier shall at its expense (and at Indemnitees’ option): (i)
replace the Infringing Products with non-infringing Products or Services of
equivalent form, function and performance; or (ii) modify the Infringing
Products to be non-infringing without detracting from form, function or
performance; or (iii) if unable to replace or modify the Infringing Products,
refund in full all monies paid by DXC for the Infringing Products and pay all
reasonable costs incurred by DXC in replacing the Infringing Products.
Removal of DXC Trademarks. Supplier shall remove from all Products rejected,
returned or not purchased by DXC, DXC’s name and any of DXC’s trademarks,
trade names, insignia, part numbers, symbols, and decorative designs, prior to
any other sale, use, or disposition of such Products by Supplier.
Insurance. During the performance of this Order, Supplier will maintain in full
force and effect, at Supplier’s expense, Workers’ Compensation insurance as
required by law or regulation, having jurisdiction over Supplier’s employees. If
Workers’ Compensation is through a Social Scheme, which is any compulsory
insurance program administered and enforced by government, Supplier agrees to
be in full compliance with such laws. Employer’s Liability insurance in amounts
not less than the local currency equivalent of U.S. $1,000,000. Where permitted
by law, such policies will contain a waiver of the insurer’s subrogation rights
against DXC. In addition, Supplier shall maintain, at its expense, a
Comprehensive General Liability insurance policy covering claims of bodily
injury, including death, products and completed operations, contractual liability,
and property damage that may arise out of use of the Products or acts of omission
of Supplier under this Order, and containing such other provisions as may be
required by DXC. Such policy or policies shall provide a coverage minimum of
U.S. $1,000,000 per occurrence. Each policy shall name DXC, its officers,
directors, and employees as additional insureds. All such policies shall provide
that the coverage thereunder shall not be terminable without at least thirty (30)
days prior written notice to DXC. Upon demand by DXC, Supplier shall
promptly supply DXC with certificates of insurance of such policies. In no event
will the coverage or limits of any insurance maintained by Supplier under this
Order, or the lack or unavailability of any other insurance, limit or diminish in
any way Supplier’s obligations or liability to DXC hereunder.
Confidential Information. “Confidential Information” includes all information
designated by DXC as confidential, the existence and the terms and conditions
of this Order, and including but not limited to, all information or data concerning
the Products and/or Services, general business plans, customers, costs, forecasts,
and profits. “Confidential Information” shall also include all information,
including but not limited to DXC Data, provided by either Party to the other Party
under this Agreement or in contemplation of the Products or Services to be
provided hereunder and, if and where applicable, in conformance with and
subject to the terms of an applicable Non-Disclosure Agreement executed by and
between the Parties, the terms of which shall be incorporated herein by reference.
Except as required for Supplier’s performance of this Order, Supplier shall not
use or disclose any Confidential Information obtained from DXC or otherwise
prepared or discovered by either Supplier or DXC and shall protect the
confidentiality of Confidential Information with the same degree of care as
Supplier uses for its own similar information, but no less than reasonable care.
Publicity. A party shall not publicize or disclose the terms or existence of this
Order, nor shall a party use the name(s), trademark(s), or tradename(s) of the
other party’s customer, the other party, its subsidiaries or Affiliates, except as
follows: i) With the prior written consent of the other party, or II) as may be
necessary for the party to perform its obligations under this Order or iii) as may
otherwise be required by law, such disclosure shall be coordinated with the other
party. A party may impose, as a condition of its consent, any restrictions which
such Party deems appropriate, in its sole discretion. A party shall provide 10 days
written notice to the other party prior to disclosure under subsections (ii) or (iii)
above.
Access to Information Systems. Access, if any, to DXC’s Information Systems
is granted solely to perform the Services under this Order, and is limited to those
specific DXC Information Systems, time periods and personnel as are separately
agreed to by DXC and Supplier from time to time. DXC may require Supplier’s
employees, subcontractors or agents to sign individual agreements prior to access
to DXC’s Information Systems. Use of DXC Information Systems during other
time periods or by individuals not authorized by DXC is expressly prohibited.
Access is subject to DXC business control and information protection policies,
standards and guidelines as may be modified from time to time. Use of any other
DXC Information Systems is expressly prohibited. This prohibition applies even
when a DXC Information System that Supplier is authorized to access, serves asDXC TECHNOLOGY SERVICES PURCHASE ORDER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
UNITED STATES DECEMBER 2019
a gateway to other Information Systems outside Supplier’s scope of
authorization. Supplier agrees to access Information Systems only from specific
locations approved for access by DXC. For access outside of DXC premises,
DXC will designate the specific network connections to be used to access
Information Systems.
11
INFORMATION SECURITY
11.1 Supplier shall implement and maintain security measures to protect DXC Data,
Services and Products in accordance with the Data Network Security Schedule
("DNSS") as set forth herein on the DXC Supplier Portal at:
(http://assets1.dxc.technology/contact_us/downloads/Data_Network_and_Secur
ity_Schedule-DNSS.pdf). The DNSS forms part of the Agreement. Capitalized
terms not specifically defined in this Agreement or in this section “Information
Security”, shall have the meaning set forth in the DNSS.
11.2 (Intentionally Omitted).
11.3 Supplier shall only Process DXC Data and access information systems to the
extent and in a manner necessary to provide the Services, software or Products,
in accordance with this Agreement and any SOW, this section “Information
Security” and the “DNSS”. Any access to or use of DXC information systems
or Processing of DXC Data by or on behalf of Supplier for any other purpose,
not explicitly authorized in writing by DXC, shall be deemed a material breach
of the Agreement by Supplier. Supplier shall not sell, rent, transfer, distribute,
disclose, copy, alter, or remove DXC Data, DXC information system, or Product
unless authorized in writing by DXC. Supplier shall ensure all Processing of
DXC Data and provisioning of Services and Products complies with all
Applicable Laws. If Supplier cannot Process the DXC Data or provide Services
or Products in accordance with such Applicable Laws, this Agreement and any
SOW, this section “Information Security” and the “DNSS, then Supplier shall
immediately notify DXC in writing.
11.4 Supplier shall develop, implement and maintain a comprehensive information
security program with information security industry standard safeguards, such as
ISO 27001/2, to protect DXC Data against Security Breach and to provide secure
Services or Products.
11.5 All Notifications, whether related to Security Breach, Product security,
vulnerability or non-compliance, shall be made to the DXC Security Incident
Response and Control Center via (a) email to: SIRCC@dxc.com and (b)
telephonically to 1 (844) 898 3705 Americas and /or +61 2 9034 3430
International. Supplier shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide DXC
with notification within 24 hours after Supplier becomes aware of a Security
Breach.
11.6 DXC reserves the right to audit, inspect, and make copies or extracts (“Audit”) of
Supplier’s records and processes which evidences Supplier’s performance under,
and compliance with, this Agreement (including without limitation and to the
extent permitted by applicable laws, all materials pertaining to drug tests and
background checks of all personnel and subcontractors assigned to DXC), at any
time within 7 days prior notice to Supplier. As applicable, such Audit may also
apply to Supplier’s data processing facilities, affiliates, subcontractors and data
files as reasonably necessary to confirm Supplier’s compliance with the
provisions of this Agreement. Such Audits shall be arranged by discussion with
the Supplier and shall be subject to the Supplier’s security policies. Additionally,
Supplier will make its employees, officers, and directors available for meetings
with DXC or its representatives if DXC has reasonable grounds for believing that
the Supplier has not complied with this Agreement. If an Audit reveals that
Supplier is in material breach of its obligations under this Agreement, Supplier
shall reimburse DXC for all costs of the Audit, including without limitation the
costs of any third-party auditors engaged by DXC, the costs of DXC’s internal
employee auditors for actual working time and travel expenses incurred.
12 GOVERNMENTAL COMPLIANCE
12.1 General. Supplier will at all times comply with all federal, state, local and foreign
laws, rules and regulations applicable to its obligations under this Order and, if
applicable, its manufacture of Products. Supplier shall furnish to DXC all
information required to enable DXC to comply with such laws, rules, and
regulations in its use of the Products and Services or reasonably requested by
DXC to confirm compliance with such laws, rules and regulations or with the
provisions of this Order.
12.2 Security. Without limiting Section 12.1, Supplier warrants that in all countries
in which Supplier does business, its operations and shipments comply with all
applicable laws and regulations regarding security. To the extent applicable to
Supplier’s business, Supplier agrees to implement the Security
Recommendations set forth by the U.S. Customs Service Customs-Trade
Partnership Against Terrorism (“C-TPAT”) (http://www.cbp.gov/border-
security/ports-entry/cargo-security/ctpat-customs-trade-partnership-against-
terrorism) or equivalent security guidelines. In addition, Supplier shall meet or
exceed security requirements designated by DXC. Supplier and DXC may
perform a formal, documented security compliance audit on an annual basis, with
the first audit taking place upon DXC’ request at any time after Supplier’s
acceptance of this Order. Supplier shall immediately notify DXC in writing of
any area where it fails to meet the applicable recommendations of C-TPAT or
equivalent security guidelines, or the DXC Security requirements. Upon
notification of Supplier’s failure to comply, whether by Supplier or through an
audit or DXC inspection, DXC may either terminate the Order or grant a waiver
of the requirement for a limited time to allow Supplier to become compliant.
12.3 U.S. Federal Procurement Requirements. Without limiting Section 12.1, in light
of DXC’ status as a U.S. Federal contractor and subcontractor, all applicable
procurement regulations required by federal statute or regulation to be inserted
12.4
in contracts or subcontracts pursuant to FAR 52.2125(e) and/or FAR 52.244-6
apply to this Order, including but not limited to FAR 52.203-13, Contractor
Code of Business Ethics and Conduct, FAR 52.219-8 Utilization of Small
Business Concerns, FAR 52.222-26 – Equal Opportunity, FAR 52.222-35-Equal
Opportunity for Special Disabled Veterans, Veterans of the Vietnam Era, and
other Eligible Veterans, FAR 52.222-36 – Affirmative Action for Workers with
Disabilities, FAR 52.222-40, Notification of Employee Rights Under the
National Labor Relations Act (E.O. 13496), FAR 52.222-41 – Service Contract
Act of 1965, FAR 52.222-50 alt 1– Combating Trafficking in Persons, FAR
52.222-51, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Act to Contracts
for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment – Requirements,
FAR 52.222-53, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Act to
Contracts for Certain Service – Requirements, FAR 52.222-54, Employment
Eligibility Verification, FAR 52.226-6, Promoting Excess Food Donation to
Nonprofit Organizations, FAR 52.247-64 – Preference for Privately Owned U.S.
Flag Commercial Vessels as required in accordance with paragraph (d) of FAR
clause 52.247-64. The following additional procurement regulations apply only
to any Order referencing a U.S. Government prime contract: 52.2033 Gratuities,
52.203-6 Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government (Alternate I),
52.203-14 Display Of Hotline Poster(s), 52.204-2 Security Requirements,
52.204-6 Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) Number, 52.215-2 Audit
and Records—Negotiation, 52.219-9 Small Business Subcontracting Plan,
52.219-16 Liquidated Damages-Subcontracting Plan, 52.219-25 Small
Disadvantaged Business Participation Program-Disadvantaged Status and
Reporting, 52.219-28 Post Award Small Business Program Representative,
52.222-3 Convict Labor (E.O. 11755), 52.222-19 Child Labor Cooperation with
Authorities and Remedies (E.O. 13126), 52.222-21 Prohibition of Segregated
Facilities, 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Special Disabled Veterans and
Veterans of the Vietnam Era, and Other Eligible Veterans, 52.22242 Statement
of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires, 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and
Service Contract Act-Price Adjustment, 52.223-15 Energy Efficiency in Energy-
Consuming Products, 52.223-16 IEEE 1680 Standard for the Environmental
Assessment of Personal Computer Products (E.O. 13423), 52.225-13
Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases, 52.228-5 Insurance – Work on a
Government Installation, 52.232-7 Payments under Time and Materials and
Labor-Hour Contracts, 52.232-29 Terms for Financing of Purchases of
Commercial Items, 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer – Central
Contractor Registration, 52.232-36 Payment by third party, 52.239-1 Privacy or
Security Safeguards, 52.245-1 Government Property, 252.203-7000
Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials,252.205-7000
Provision of Information to Cooperative Agreement Holders, 252.219-7003
Small Business Subcontracting Plan (DoD Contracts), 252.225-7021 Trade
Agreements, 252.225-7009 Restriction on Acquisition of Certain Articles
Containing Specialty Metals, 252.226-7001 Utilization of Indian Organizations
and Indian-Owned Economic Enterprises, and Native Hawaiian Small Business
Concerns, 252.225-7012 Preference for Certain Domestic Commodities,
252.225-7015 Preference for Domestic Hand or Measuring Tools, 252.236-7013
Requirement for Competition Opportunity for American Steel
Producers, Fabricators, and Manufacturers, 252.227-7015 Technical Data-
Commercial Items, 252.237-7010 Prohibition on Interrogation of Detainees by
Contractor Personnel, 252.237-7019 Training for Contractor Personnel
Interacting with Detainees, 252.246-7003 Notification of Potential Safety Issues,
252.247-7003 Pass-Through of Motor Carrier Fuel Surcharge Adjustment to the
Cost Bearer, 252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea, 252.247-7024
Notification of Transportation of Supplies by Sea. These U.S. Federal clauses
have the same force and effect as if they were stated in their full text. Nothing in
this paragraph shall restrict the Supplier’s ability to use any contract data, tooling
or designs, which the Government owns or has the right to use, on the Supplier’s
direct sales to the Government, where the contract data, tooling or designs owned
by the Government is provided to the Supplier by the Government or on its
behalf. Upon Supplier’s receipt of closeout materials, Supplier shall submit
completed paperwork with authorized signatures within the period specified in
the closeout documents. If Supplier fails to submit completed paperwork with
signatures within the period specified, or to notify DXC as to conflict of data
within the same period, Supplier may have waived its right to any funds owned
to Supplier. Supplier is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or
subcontractor. Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will
abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR
60-741.5(a) and that these laws are incorporated herein by reference. These
regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their
status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities and prohibit
discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex,
sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These regulations require
that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to
employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected
veteran status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will
abide by the requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471,
Appendix A to Subpart A), relating to the notice of employee rights under federal
labor laws.
Accessibility. Supplier warrants that all Products will meet the requirements set
forth in all federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules, and regulations applicable
to accessibility of information technology for people with disabilities. SupplierDXC TECHNOLOGY SERVICES PURCHASE ORDER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
UNITED STATES DECEMBER 2019
12.5
13
agrees to use personnel trained and knowledgeable in supporting the needs of
persons with disabilities in performance of Services under this Order.
Invoice Certification. When and if requested by DXC, as a condition precedent
to payment thereof, Supplier shall separately certify each invoice as follows:
“We certify that contract deliverables listed hereon were produced in compliance
with all applicable requirements of Sections 6, 7, and 12 of the Fair Labor
Standards Act, as amended, and of regulations and orders of the U.S. Department
of Labor issued under Section 14 thereof. We further certify that any and all
additional contract deliverables will be produced in compliance with same.”
compliance with this clause. This provision will survive termination of the Order for
any reason. Each of Supplier’s employee, agent, representative, subcontractor, or
other party who has been or will be engaged by Supplier in connection with this
Agreement will be made aware of the above obligations; will agree to comply with
them; and will have signed, prior to beginning such involvement, an agreement with
Supplier stating that they are aware of the above obligations and agree to comply with
them. In addition, Supplier is and will be responsible for and will indemnify DXC to
the greatest extent permitted by law against any and all liability that may arise from
the actions of such employee, agent, representative, subcontractor, or other party and
any of their failures to comply with the terms of this Order and their corresponding
agreement with Supplier.
SOCIAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY
13.1 Social and Environmental Responsibility. Supplier warrants that in all countries
in which Supplier and, to Supplier’s information and belief, Supplier’s
authorized subcontractors do business, its and their operations comply with all
applicable laws and regulations governing labor and employment, employee
health and safety, protection of the environment, and ethical practices. Supplier
will
comply
with
DXC
Supplier
Code
of
Conduct
(https://www.dxc.technology/cr/ds/118945-
csc_responsible_supply_chain_program),
including
establishment
of
management systems as described therein.
13.2 Compliance. All Products and their packaging will comply with DXC’ General
Specifications for Environment, (https://www.dxc.technology/cr/ds/118945-
csc_responsible_supply_chain_program), in addition to any other DXC
specifications for the Products. Supplier will furnish DXC any information to
confirm the material composition of parts, components or other constituents of
Products or their packaging, as supplied to DXC under this Order or as used in
any manufacturing processes.
13.3 Chemical Substances. Supplier warrants that: (i) each chemical substance
contained in Products is on the inventory of chemical substances compiled and
published by the Environmental Protection Agency pursuant to the Toxic
Substances Control Act and (ii) all Material Safety Data Sheets required to be
provided by Supplier for Products shall be provided to DXC prior to shipment of
the Products and shall be complete and accurate.
13.4 Take Back. Supplier will accept back, free of charge, any material included in
the Products or their packaging, returned freight prepaid, by DXC from any
country that requires Products be taken back from the user at the end of life of
the Products.
14 MISCELLANEOUS.
14.1 No Assignment. Supplier shall not delegate or assign its rights or obligation
without DXC’ prior written consent. Any attempted delegation or assignment
by Supplier without such consent shall be void.
14.2 Choice of Law. This Order shall be interpreted and governed by the domestic
laws of the state of Delaware or the province or country where the Products or
Services are delivered or performed.
14.3 Limitation of Liability. To the extent permitted by applicable law, in no event
will DXC, including its subsidiaries, be liable for any lost revenues, lost profits,
incidental, consequential, special or punitive damages.
14.4 Non-Restrictive Relationship. DXC shall not be precluded from independently
developing, acquiring from other third parties, distributing or marketing other
Products or Services which may perform the same or similar functions as the
Products or Services provided under this Order.
14.5
Acquisition. In the event that Supplier is acquired by another entity, not
affiliated with Supplier, or any of Supplier’s affiliates and/or subsidiaries, DXC,
at its sole discretion, shall have the right to immediately terminate this
Agreement upon fourteen (14) days written notice to Supplier. If DXC, elects to
terminate this Agreement for such reason, all Products and Services procured
through to the date of termination survive (barring prior or simultaneous
termination by Supplier for breach of the provision of this Agreement by DXC)
and be governed by the terms and conditions of this Agreement through their
respective terms. If DXC, at is sole discretion, elects not to terminate this
Agreement, its rights and responsibilities hereunder shall remain uninterrupted
by such acquisition through the remaining term of this Agreement.
15
ANTI-CORRUPTION LAWS.
Supplier agrees that it is familiar with the provisions of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and other analogous anti-corruption legislation in
other jurisdictions in which Supplier conducts business or which otherwise apply to
Supplier (collectively, and with related regulations, the “Anti-Corruption Laws”), and
that it shall not in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Order make
any payment or transfer anything of value, offer, promise or give a financial or other
advantage or request, agree to receive or accept a financial or other advantage either
directly or indirectly to any government official or government employee (including
employees of a government corporation or public international organization) or to any
political party or candidate for public office; or to any other person or entity with an
intent to obtain or retain business or otherwise gain an improper business advantage.
Supplier further agrees that it will not take any action which would cause DXC to be
in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws. Supplier will promptly notify DXC if it
becomes aware of any such violation and indemnify DXC for any losses, damages,
fines or penalties that DXC may suffer or incur arising out of or incidental to any such
violation. In case of breach of the above, DXC may suspend or terminate the Order at
any time without notice, liability, or indemnity. Supplier shall, upon DXC’ request,
allow DXC to conduct periodic audits of Supplier’s books and records to ascertain
16
SECURITY CERTIFICATION COMPLIANCE.
The following Federal Subcontract Security Certification process is in addition to
those requirements contained in Section 11 (Information Security) and applies to any
Supplier providing cleared personnel to DXC. Suppliers providing cleared personnel
will be required to adhere to these requirements. If you are not providing cleared
personnel to DXC, these requirements do not apply and are self-deleting. Supplier
through their appropriate security officer shall provide to DXC such information
about Supplier’s industrial security program as used in performance of this Order
DXC deems sufficient to determine whether Supplier is complying with, and able to
comply with, Supplier’s industrial security obligations under this Order. Supplier
shall answer any questionnaires and surveys as DXC issues to Supplier to audit
Supplier’s performance under, and compliance with, this Order and shall return any
questionnaires and surveys to the location and by the means DXC specifies.
Supplier understands and acknowledges that failure to comply with or being found
by DXC at DXC’s sole discretion, to be incapable of complying with Supplier’s
industrial security obligations under this Order shall constitute a material breach of
this Order and DXC shall have the unilateral right to terminate this Order for cause
or require Supplier to implement and give to DXC a satisfactory remediation and
mitigation plan. Such plans shall become part of Supplier’s Obligations under this
Order, including, but not limited to, DXC’s right to audit.
17
18
ANTI-HUMAN TRAFFICKING.
Without limiting any of Supplier’s obligations herein regarding compliance with all
applicable laws, Supplier represents and warrants that, if applicable, it fully complies
with FAR clauses 52.222-50 and 52.222-56 (“Ending Trafficking in Persons”) in its
performance of this Order. Supplier, at its own cost and expense, has in place
procedures, programs and policies as necessary to certify and ensure compliance with
aforementioned FAR clauses. As reasonably requested by DXC, Supplier shall
promptly provide DXC with complete and accurate information about its procedures,
programs and policies, and Supplier’s performance of its obligations under this Order
relevant to DXC’s and/or Supplier’s compliance with aforementioned FAR clauses.
To the best of the Supplier’s knowledge and belief, neither it nor any of its agents,
subcontractors, or their agents is engaged in any prohibited activities identified in
paragraph (b) of the FAR clause at 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons; or
(ii) if abuses relating to any of the prohibited activities identified in 52.222-50(b) have
been found, the Supplier or subcontractor has taken the appropriate remedial and
referral actions.
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER.
Supplier is an equal opportunity employer and federal contractor or subcontractor.
Consequently, the parties agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the requirements
of 41 CFR 60-1.4(a), 41 CFR 60-300.5(a) and 41 CFR 60-741.5(a) and that these laws
are incorporated herein by reference. These regulations prohibit discrimination
against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals
with disabilities and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race,
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin. These
regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative
action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran
status or disability. The parties also agree that, as applicable, they will abide by the
requirements of Executive Order 13496 (29 CFR Part 471, Appendix A to Subpart A),
relating to the notice of employee rights under federal labor laws.
19
DATA PROTECTION AND PRIVACY
For the purposes of Services, Product, SaaS, Software, and/or Maintenance and
Support, that Supplier provides to DXC, DXC Customers, and/or end users of DXC
or DXC Customers under the terms of this Agreement, any Schedule, and/or SOW,
the following shall apply:
19.1
Definitions The following definitions shall apply to this Section ‘Data Protection
and Privacy:
“Data Privacy Laws” means any state or national law or regulation protecting
the privacy, confidentiality, or security of Personal Information.
“General Data Protection Regulation”, "GDPR" means regulation (EU)
2016/679 of the European parliament and of the council as amended from time
to time.
“Personal Information” is defined as any individually identifiable information
about DXC, DXC clients, employees (including employees or customers of
DXC clients) or any other individuals about whom Supplier receives personalDXC TECHNOLOGY SERVICES PURCHASE ORDER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
UNITED STATES DECEMBER 2019
information as defined in any Data Privacy Laws, from or on behalf of DXC
in connection with Supplier’s performance under this Agreement or any SOW.
“Process” or “Processing” or “Processed” as defined in the relevant Data
Privacy Laws or, where not defined, means any operation or set of operations
which is performed whether or not by automatic means (including, without
limitation, accessing, collecting, recording, organizing, retaining, storing,
adapting or altering, transmitting, retrieving, consulting, using, disclosing,
making available, aligning, combining, blocking, erasing and destroying
Personal Information).
19.2
19.3
19.4
19.5
19.6
19.7
Applicability of Data Privacy Protections. In the event that Personal Information
will be Processed by Supplier in connection with the performance under this
Agreement (including any SOW), then and only then shall the provisions of this
Section ‘Data Protection and Privacy’ be applicable. For the avoidance of doubt,
the data security requirements contained in section ‘Information Security’ shall
apply regardless of whether Personal Information is Processed under this
Agreement or any SOW. All Personal Information obtained from or on behalf of
DXC or in connection with performance pursuant to this Agreement shall be
Processed and protected pursuant to this Section ‘Data Protection and Privacy’,
the Section ‘Information Security’ and any other Sections of this Agreement that
address Personal Information.
Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. Supplier agrees that it will Process any
Personal Information to which it has access in connection with its performance
under this Agreement (including any SOW) only on behalf of and for the benefit
of DXC in accordance with this Agreement and as otherwise required by all
applicable Data Privacy Laws, insofar as they apply to Supplier. Supplier agrees
that it will not Process any Personal Information for any other purpose other than
for the specific purposes of performing the services specified in this Agreement
(including any SOW) absent specific written approval from DXC. In addition, to
the extent applicable to Supplier, Supplier agrees to comply with any
requirements of any applicable Data Privacy Law regarding the collection,
storage, use, transfer, security, or Processing of Personal Information.
Transfer of Personal Information. Supplier warrants to DXC that Personal
Information provided to Supplier or obtained by Supplier under this Agreement
on behalf of DXC (including any SOW) shall not be transferred across national
boundaries unless authorized by law or specified within this Agreement or the
applicable SOW as authorized for transfer across national boundaries. Supplier
agrees that any such transfer will only be made in compliance with applicable
Data Privacy Laws. If there is a conflict between this Section ‘Data Protection
and Privacy’ and the other provisions of this Agreement, the requirements of this
Section shall take precedence.
Safeguards for Personal Information. Supplier agrees to develop, implement,
maintain, and use administrative, technical, and physical safeguards, as deemed
appropriate by DXC, to preserve the security, integrity and confidentiality of,
and to prevent intentional or unintentional non-permitted or violating use or
disclosure of, and to protect against unauthorized access to or accidental or
unlawful destruction, loss, or alteration of, the Personal Information Processed,
created for or received from or on behalf of DXC in connection with the Services,
functions or transactions to be provided under or contemplated by this
Agreement. Such safeguards shall meet all applicable legal standards (including
any encryption requirements imposed by law) and shall meet or exceed accepted
security standards in the industry, such as ISO 27001/27002. Supplier agrees to
document and keep these safeguards current and shall make the documentation
available to DXC upon request. Supplier shall ensure that only Supplier’s
employees or representatives who may be required to assist Supplier in meeting
its obligations under this Agreement shall have access to the Personal
Information.
Contact with Third Parties. In the event that Supplier receives a request from a
third party (including an individual) to access any Personal Information in
Supplier’s possession, Supplier will promptly forward a copy of such request to
DXC and will cooperate with DXC in responding to any such request. Upon
DXC’s request, Supplier will make Personal Information in its possession
available to DXC or any Third Party designated in writing by DXC and will
update Personal Information in Supplier’s possession in accordance with DXC's
written instructions. If any government or competent authority requests Supplier
to disclose or allow access to Personal Information, Supplier shall, unless legally
prohibited, immediately notify DXC of such request and shall not disclose or
allow access to such Personal Information without first giving DXC an
opportunity to consult with the requesting government or authority to seek to
prevent such disclosure or access. Supplier will respond to any such government
or enforcement authority request only after consultation with DXC and at DXC’s
discretion, unless otherwise required by law. Supplier shall promptly notify DXC
if any complaints are received from Third Parties about its Processing of Personal
Information, and Supplier shall not make any admissions or take any action that
may be prejudicial to the defense or settlement of any such complaint. Supplier
shall provide DXC with such reasonable assistance as it may require in
connection with resolving any such complaint.
Access to Personal Information by Subcontractors. Supplier agrees to require any
subcontractors or agents to which it discloses Personal Information under this
Agreement or under any SOW to provide reasonable assurance, evidenced by
written contract, that they will comply with the same or substantially similar
confidentiality, privacy and security obligations with respect to such Personal
Information as apply to Supplier under this Agreement or any SOW. Supplier
shall confirm in writing to DXC that such contract is in place as a condition to
DXC’s approval of use of a subcontractor in connection with any SOW. Upon
request of DXC, Supplier will provide to DXC a copy of the subcontract or an
19.8
extract of the relevant clauses. Supplier shall ensure that any failure on the part
of any subcontractor or agent to comply with the Supplier obligations under this
Agreement or any SOW shall be grounds to promptly terminate such
subcontractor or agent. If during the term of this Agreement or any SOW, DXC
determines, in its exclusive discretion, that any Supplier subcontractor or agent
cannot comply with the Supplier obligations under this Agreement or with any
SOW, then DXC may terminate this Agreement in whole or in part (with respect
to any SOW for which such subcontractor or agent is providing services), if not
cured by Supplier within the time prescribed in the notice of such deficiency.
European Economic Area (“EEA”) Applicability. In the event that the General
Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679) as amended from time to
time applies to Supplier, Supplier shall comply with the GDPR Supplement as
set
forth
herein
on
the
DXC
Supplier
Portal
at
(http://assets1.dxc.technology/contact_us/downloads/General-Data-Protection-
Regulation-GDPR.pdf). This GDPR Supplement sets out the terms and
conditions for the Processing of Personal Information by Supplier on behalf of
DXC under the Agreement. This GDPR Supplement forms an integral part of the
Agreement.
In the event of any conflict between the terms of this GDPR Supplement, the
Agreement, Data Protection Laws or Standard Contractual Clauses, the
following order of precedence shall apply:
20
1) Data Protection Laws, including Standard Contractual Clauses
2) This GDPR Supplement and its appendices
3) The Agreement.
HIPAA
To the extent (if any) that DXC discloses “Protected Health Information” or “PHI” as
defined in the HIPAA Privacy and Security Rules (45 CFR, Part 160-164) issued
pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”)
to Supplier or Supplier accesses, maintains, uses, or discloses PHI in connection with
the performance of Services or functions under this Agreement, Supplier will: (a) not
use or further disclose PHI other than as permitted or required by this Agreement or as
required by law; (b) use appropriate safeguards to prevent use or disclosure of PHI other
than as provided for by this Agreement, including implementing requirements of the
HIPAA Security Rule with regard to electronic PHI; (c) report to DXC any use or
disclosure of PHI not provided for under this Agreement of which Supplier becomes
aware, including breaches of unsecured protected health information as required by 45
CFR §164.410, (d) in accordance with 45 CFR §164.502(e)(1)(ii), ensure that any
subcontractors or agents of Supplier that create, receive, maintain, or transmit PHI
created, received, maintained or transmitted by Supplier on DXC’s behalf, agree to the
same restrictions and conditions that apply to Supplier with respect of such PHI; (e)
make available PHI in a Designated Record Set (if any is maintained by Supplier) in
accordance with 45 CFR section 164.524; (f) make available PHI for amendment and
incorporate any amendments to PHI in a Designated Record Set in accordance 45 CFR
section 164.526; (g) make available PHI required to provide an accounting of disclosures
in accordance with 45 CFR section 164.528, (h) make Supplier’s internal practices,
applicable documentation and records to the extent that such relate to the use and
disclosure of PHI received from DXC, or created or received by Supplier on DXC’s
behalf, available to the Secretary of the HHS for the purpose of determining DXC’s
compliance with the HIPAA Privacy and Security Rules, (i) in the event Supplier is to
carry out any obligations by or on behalf of DXC that DXC performs on behalf of a
covered entity arising under the Privacy Rule, comply with the requirements of the
Privacy Rule that apply to the performance of such obligations, and (j) at termination of
this Agreement, return or destroy all PHI received from, or created or received by
Supplier on behalf of DXC that Supplier still maintains in any form and retain no copies
of such information or, if such return or destruction is not feasible, extend the protections
of the Agreement to the information and limit further uses and disclosures to those
purposes that make the return or destruction of the information infeasible.