
Skip to content
Terms of Use
Lam Research

Extranet Publications Use Policy

Please read these terms carefully before using this website or downloading any information from it. You may only use this website under the terms and conditions set forth below. If you do not agree to any of them, you must exit this website now, before accessing it further or downloading any information from it. This website and the information and materials provided on it are provided by Lam Research Corporation (“Lam Research”) solely for the personal use and information of the visitor. No license or other rights of use are granted by, intended, or to be inferred from the publication or use of this website. Unless otherwise expressly permitted by these Terms of Use, you may not copy, reproduce, duplicate, publish, download, transmit, modify, translate, display, or otherwise use or exploit any portion of the content of this website. Any permission to copy contained in these Terms of Use does not grant to any person any ownership or proprietary right in any content or intellectual property.

1. This site contains copyrighted, confidential and trademarked material owned by Lam Research. This information may not be modified in any way, and any copies you make of this information must include any copyright marking, trademark notice and all other indications of Lam Research’s ownership. Lam Research may, at any time and without notice, terminate your right to access or use this information. In the event of such termination of rights, you are obligated to cease use of that information and destroy any copies you may have of the information. The use of any trademark of Lam Research Corporation or the Lam Research logo in any fashion without the express written permission of Lam Research is prohibited. You may only use copyrighted or confidential material to facilitate your use or service of Lam Research equipment that was purchased from Lam Research. Any unauthorized use, or use inconsistent with these Terms of Use, may violate federal or state trademark, copyright, trade secret, privacy, publicity, or other laws, and may result in personal civil or criminal liability.

2. LAM RESEARCH PROVIDES THE INFORMATION ON THIS WEBSITE “AS IS” AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THIS WEBSITE OR YOUR USE OF ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN INCLUDING ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN ACCESSING THIS WEBSITE, YOU AGREE THAT LAM RESEARCH SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHICH YOU MAY SUFFER THROUGH SUCH ACCESS, INCLUDING ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. In the case of any dispute arising from your access to this website, that dispute will be resolved by binding arbitration in Santa Clara or Alameda County, California.

3. Any information marked “Confidential,” “Proprietary” or the like contains Lam Research’s confidential information. You must keep this information confidential, using the same precautions that you would take with your own confidential information but no less than reasonable precautions under the circumstances. You may not copy or transmit confidential information to any third party for any reason without Lam Research’s prior written consent. You may transmit confidential information to your employees and agents who have a need to know and have signed an appropriate confidentiality agreement or are otherwise bound to keep this information confidential. You may not use confidential information to compete with Lam Research or for any illegal purpose.

4. Any information that you communicate to Lam Research through this website shall be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. Lam Research will have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information and may use such information as it deems fit.

5. This website may include references to third-party products and services and links to other websites, without any endorsement, warranty, recommendation, or representation as to the accuracy or safety of such sites. Lam Research is not responsible for the content or activities of any linked site, including without limitation any statements, advertisements, opinions, visitor tracking or solicitation efforts, or other actions by any such site. You are responsible for any contact with or use of any linked site. Lam Research may discontinue links to other websites for any reason or for no reason at all and makes no assurance that it will maintain those links on this site.

6. Certain information contained on this website may not be current and Lam Research assumes no obligation to update that information even if facts come to its attention which put Lam Research on notice of such inaccuracy.

7. The information in and right to access this website is provided with “Restricted Rights” so that use of this information by the government is subject to limitations set forth in the rules and regulations applicable to the use of Restricted Rights materials.

8. You may receive a cookie as you browse this website. A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which will then be stored on your system. Such data may be used in the future to identify your computer. You may be able to set your browser to notify you that you are about to receive a cookie, giving you a chance to decide whether you want to accept it.

9. This site is controlled by Lam Research from its offices in the State of California, United States of America. Lam Research makes no representation that anything contained or accessible through this site is appropriate, legal or available for use in other locations. Any access to this site where such access is prohibited by law is unauthorized. You may not access or use any information on this website in violation of U.S. or foreign law, including U.S. export restrictions.

10. Lam Research may amend or revise these terms at any time. You should visit this page every time you access the website to review the current terms, because they are binding upon you.

 
Trademark/Intellectual Property Notice

The Lam Research logo, Lam Research, Silfex, and all Lam Research product and service names used in this website are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Lam Research Corporation or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries. All other marks mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners.

    Facebook
    Twitter
    Linkedin
    YouTube
    Instagram

© 2021 LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION | ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

    Privacy
    Terms
    UK Modern Slavery Act – LRI
    UK Modern Slavery Act – Metryx

