
Skip to main content
Norton.com
Norton Community
Menu

    User
    Forums
    Blogs
    Beta
    Search
    Help

Terms and Conditions

Norton Community Terms and Conditions of Use

The Norton Community and its associated boards, blogs, discussion forums, personal message tool, content and services (the "Community Website") are provided by NortonLifeLock Inc. together with its affiliates (collectively, "NortonLifeLock", “we”, "us", and "our") to its customers (individual consumers above the age of eighteen (18) years) (referenced below as “you” or “your”) for their own and personal use of the Community Website.

These Norton Community Terms and Conditions of Use (“Community Terms”) govern your rights and obligations upon which you may use the Community Website. Other websites operated by NortonLifeLock may have their own terms and conditions.

By clicking "Accept Terms & Conditions of Use" or otherwise electronically indicating assent, you agree to the terms and conditions of the Community Terms.

If you have accepted multiple versions of the Community Terms, the most current version that you accepted is the Community Terms between you and us and supersedes and replaces all prior versions.

1. DESCRIPTION OF THE COMMUNITY WEBSITED

The Community Website is designed to create and support an online community where, subject to all of their obligations under the Community Terms, and other pertinent NortonLifeLock-related agreements, our customers can: (a) can share their experiences about  our products and services; and (b) more easily receive information from us about our products and services. Certain services or areas of the Community Website may not be available to all our customers. You agree not to use any services, or access any areas of the Community Website, that we have not specifically authorized you to use or access.

2. REGISTRATION

In some cases, we may permit certain participants who are already registered with NortonLifeLock to access the Community Website without re-registration. In those cases, the participants will be deemed a "Registered Participant" upon their acceptance of these Community Terms. In other cases, to access the Community Website, you may be required to register for an account by completing our participant registration form. After our review of your registration information, we may issue a Participant User ID and password to you, in which case you shall become a "Registered Participant" after acceptance of these Community Terms. In addition, you may be invited to provide personal profile information that may be used by us in accordance with our Global Privacy Statement and viewed by other participants. Further information about registration, personal profiles, and our use of your information can be found here.

You represent and warrant that all the information that you provide to us in the participant registration form is truthful and accurate. If you provide any false, inaccurate, or incomplete information in your participant registration form, we may immediately terminate your account and access.

Registered Participants are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of their passwords and  shall not share their Participant User IDs or passwords with anyone. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of any Participant User ID or password. You will be solely responsible and liable for any and all access to, and use of, the Community Website (including all activities and transactions) by any person logging in under your account.

3. USE OF DOCUMENTS

Except as otherwise indicated on the Community Website, you may download, view, copy and print documents, including graphics incorporated in the documents, that we publish on the Community Website ("Documents"), including but not limited to, white papers, press releases, datasheets and FAQs subject to the following:

     (a) the Documents may be used solely for personal, informational, non-commercial purposes;

     (b) the Documents may not be copied or posted on any network computer or broadcasted in any media;

     (c) any copyright and proprietary notices are replicated in any copies of the Documents; and

     (d) the Documents may not be modified or altered in any way.

Except as set forth above in this Section and where your use constitutes an exception to copyright law (also known in some countries as “fair use”), you may not use, download, upload, copy, print, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, post, transmit or distribute any Documents or other content from the Community Website in whole or in part without the express authorization of NortonLifeLock.

Use for any other purpose is expressly prohibited by law and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties.

Documents do not include the layout or design of the Community Website. Elements of the Community Website are protected by trade dress or other laws and may not be imitated or reproduced in whole or in part. Documents do not include logos, graphics, sounds or images on this Community Website, which may be reproduced or distributed only when expressly set forth herein.

Materials uploaded to the Communication Website may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination; you are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you download the materials.

Any uses of the information from the Community Website that differ from those described above must be authorized in writing by NortonLifeLock.

Any posted Documents may be updated, deleted, or modified by NortonLifeLock from time to time without prior notice.

4. DISCUSSION FORUMS AND FORUM CONTENT

    4.1. Discussions Forums

We may offer you access to one or more discussion forums, chat areas, bulletin boards, news group, blog, wiki, email, or other service ("Discussion Forums") in which you can upload, email, post, publish or otherwise access or transmit Forum Content, as defined below, and where you may access our product and service information, development tools, utilities, pre-release, experimental or commercially available NortonLifeLock products and services, as well as post questions and discuss issues related to our products and services with other participant, and, in certain appropriate forums, post scripts or sample code for discussion purposes (collectively, "Forum Content").

    4.2. Forum Content

You acknowledge that all Forum Content may be viewed and copied by other Community Website’s participants, and that you are responsible for complying with all of your legal obligations about protecting the proprietary and confidential nature of our products and services in choosing what to post or upload.

    4.3. No Liability

You agree that NortonLifeLock is not responsible for and will have no liability in connection with any Forum Content posted or uploaded to the Discussion Forum by you or other participants. We do not specifically monitor, ensure or confirm accuracy of, or provide input or support for these Discussion Forums. Rather, we sponsor the Discussion Forum as a platform or venue for our customers to participate in the exchange of ideas and product and service expertise. All such information is provided on a voluntary basis. Without limiting the foregoing, NortonLifeLock has and shall have no liability regarding the accuracy of such Forum Content, and you use such Forum Content entirely at your own risk.

5. ACCEPTABLE USE AND CONDUCT

    5.1. No monitoring

We do not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Forum Content and, therefore, we specifically disclaim any liability with regard to the Community Website and any actions resulting from your participation in any of the foregoing. The view of hosts or participants who are not authorized NortonLifeLock spokespersons do not necessarily reflect those of NortonLifeLock. You are solely responsible for your interactions with others through the Community Website.

Participants are asked to refrain from posting advertisements or solicitations not pertaining to the intended use and purpose of the Discussion Forums. Specifically, and without limitation:

- you shall not upload, email, post, publish, distribute or otherwise transmit any Forum Content containing a solicitation of funds, promotion, advertising, solicitation for products or services, or other commercial matter;

- you agree not to solicit other participants of the Community Website to use or join or become members of any commercial online or offline service or other organization;

- you agree not to collect or store personal data about other participants.

NortonLifeLock cannot and does not make any guarantee with respect to the accuracy, inoffensiveness, or suitability of any content that appears on the Community Website.

    5.2. Prohibited Conduct

You agree not to use the Community Website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Community Terms or the rules, guidelines or terms and conditions posted for a specific area of the Community Website.

We reserve the right to improve the Community Website and to better enhance your experience with, and use of, the Community Website by prohibiting certain conduct and removing Forum Content (including without limitation, illegal, outdated or inaccurate information, profanity, personal attacks, slurs and the like, and/or banning participants from participating in any or all of the Discussion Forums), and by administering and moderating the Community Website. Consequently, you agree not to:

    upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise make available any Forum Content that is unlawful, harmful (including harmful to NortonLifeLock's reputation), threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable;
    use the Community Website in connection with surveys, contests, pyramid schemes, chain letters, junk email, spamming or any duplicative or unsolicited messages (commercial or otherwise);
    impersonate any person or entity;
    violate the legal rights of another party, such as by infringing another's intellectual property rights through the posting, uploading or use of Forum Content (including without limitation, photographs or images), including but not limited to, infringing copyright or trademark laws, or rights of privacy or publicity, or any other proprietary rights, unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consent to do the same;
    forge email headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any information transmitted through the Community Website;
    use the Community Website or the Discussion Forums to compile commercial, political, or charitable mailing lists or to facilitate the transmission of spam, junk email, chain letters, or obscene or profane content;
    upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising or promotional materials (including sweepstakes materials);
    post direct links to executable files (.exe) that are not from a NortonLifeLock domain;
    harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses;
    use, download, copy, or provide (whether or not for a fee) to a person or entity any directory of the Community Website’s participants or other people, or usage information or any portion thereof;
    upload files that contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer or property of another;
    falsify or delete any copyright management information, such as author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded;
    restrict or inhibit any other participant from using and enjoying the Community Website or Discussion Forums;
    create multiple accounts on the Community Website, or create a false identity for the purpose of misleading others;
    solicit kudos or solutions from other participants to their own posts;
    violate any applicable laws or regulations;
    engage in tortious talk, harass, threaten any other individual, or engage in other disruptive conduct in a Discussion Forum;
    access or use the Community Website in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any NortonLifeLock accounts, computer systems or networks;
    attempt to gain unauthorized access to any parts of the Community Website or any NortonLifeLock accounts, computer systems or networks;
    interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Community Website or any NortonLifeLock accounts, computer systems or networks;
    use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Community Website or any NortonLifeLock accounts, computer systems or networks.  

      5.3. Supplementary Rules, Policies, and Participation Guidelines

In addition to these Community Terms, you will comply with all supplementary rules, policies, and participation guidelines applicable to the Community Website or Discussion Forums, either posted on the Community Website or which otherwise may be provided to you from time to time. Such rules, policies and participation guidelines are hereby incorporated by reference. You agree to periodically review the changes to the Community Website or Discussion Forums, and to cease all use of the Community Website if you are unable to agree to these changes. Your continued use of the Community Website after such changes have been made constitutes your constructive agreement to the changes.

      5.4. Your Submissions

Except for ideas submitted through the Product Suggestions section of the Community Website described below, for any Submissions you are granting to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law NortonLifeLock permission to use, reproduce, distribute, publicly perform, publicly display, and create derivative works of all non NortonLifeLock-owned materials, including Forum Content, that you post or upload, or send to NortonLifeLock through the Community Website ("Submissions") on a worldwide basis, for the term of protection of the Submissions by intellectual property rights in any form, medium and on any media whatsoever without any restriction in any manner in which NortonLifeLock sees fit. Furthermore, by posting or uploading any Submissions, you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all the rights to your Submission that are necessary for you to provide it, including intellectual property rights. No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission. NortonLifeLock is under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and NortonLifeLock may remove any Submission at any time in particular if it breaches any terms contained herein. For any idea submitted by you through the Product Suggestions section of the Community Website, please see Section 6.4 below.

In addition to the warranty and representation set forth above, by posting a Submission that contain images, photographs, pictures or that are otherwise graphical in whole or in part ("Images"), you warrant and represent that (a) you are the copyright owner of such Images, or that the copyright owner of such Images has granted you permission to use such Images or any content and/or images contained in such Images consistent with the manner and purpose of your use and as otherwise permitted hereunder, and (b) that each person depicted in such Images, if any, has provided consent to the use of the Images as set forth hereunder, including but not limited to, the distribution, public display and reproduction of such Images. By posting Images, you are granting (a) to all participants of your private community (for each such Images available to participants of such private community), and/or (b) to the general public (for each such Images available anywhere on the Community Website, other than a private community), permission to use your Images in connection with the use, as permitted hereunder, of the Community Website (including but not limited to, making prints and gift items which include such Images), and including, without limitation, a non-exclusive, world-wide, royalty-free license to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Images without having your name attached to such Images. The licenses granted in the preceding sentences for Images will terminate at the time you completely remove such Images from the Community Website, provided that, such termination shall not affect any licenses granted in connection with such Images prior to the date on which you removed such Images.

     5.5. Linking to the Community Website

The Community Website permits anyone to link to it subject to the linker's compliance with the following terms and conditions. A site that links to the Community Website:

    may link to, but not replicate, content contained herein;
    must not create a border environment or browser around Forum Content contained herein;
    must not present misleading or false information about NortonLifeLock, its customers, agents, employees or representatives and/or any related products or services;
    must not misrepresent the linker's relationship with the Community Website;
    must not imply that the Community Website endorse or sponsor the linker or the linker's services or products;
    must not use the logos or trade dress of the Community Website.

​​​​​​​ 5.6. Legal Action

NortonLifeLock reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate legal or other appropriate action without further notice against anyone who violates this Section 5, which may include without limitation the blocking, filtering or deletion of any inappropriate Forum Content, the revocation of access to certain Discussion Forums, immediate termination of your access to the Community Website.

6.  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

​​​​​​​      6.1. Use of NortonLifeLock Intellectual Property

This Community Website, including the Discussion Forums, contains the valuable intellectual property of NortonLifeLock. You may use such intellectual property as necessary for you to view the Community Website and participate in the Discussion Forums, as otherwise authorized under these Community Terms. However, you receive no other licenses or rights, whether express or implied, in any NortonLifeLock intellectual property that you may access through this Community Website.

​​​​​​​      6.2. Personal Non-Commercial Use

Unless otherwise expressly authorized, Forum Content is for your personal and non-commercial use, and is provided for the sole purposes of viewing and discussing such Forum Content in the Discussion Forums. Unless expressly authorized, you may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products or services obtained from the Discussion Forums.

​​​​​​​     6.3. Unsolicited Idea Submission Policy

Except for ideas submitted through the Product Suggestions section of the Community Website described below, NortonLifeLock does not accept or consider unsolicited ideas, including ideas for new advertising campaigns, new promotions, new products, services or technologies, processes, materials, marketing plans, or new product and services names. Please do not send any original creative artwork, samples, demos, or other such works. In this manner potential misunderstandings and/or disputes may be avoided. Any such materials, if sent by you, will NOT be treated as confidential or proprietary.

​​​​​​​     6.4. Product Suggestions

The Product Suggestions section of the Community Website enables you to submit ideas for Norton products and services directly to the NortonLifeLock. These ideas could be anything from a new feature to a product or service improvement (each a "Product Suggestions"). If you submit a Norton Idea, you agree that:

 (a) we may freely use, disclose, reproduce, license, distribute and otherwise commercialize the Norton Idea in any NortonLifeLock product, service, specification or other documentation, in any manner whatsoever; and;

 (b) you will not give us any Product Suggestions:

(i)  that you have reason to believe is subject to any patent, copyright, or other intellectual property claim or right of any third-party; or

(ii)  that is subject to license terms that seek to require any NortonLifeLock product or service incorporating or derived from any Norton Idea, or other NortonLifeLock intellectual property, to be licensed to or otherwise shared with any third party.

No compensation will be due to you or paid with respect to the use of any Norton Idea that you submit as provided herein. We are under no obligation to post or use any Norton Idea submitted by you, and we may remove any Norton Idea submitted by you from the Community Website at any time.

​​​​​​​     6.5. Software Licenses

From time to time, you also may be granted download access to executable software code via the Community Website. You understand and agree that your use of that software is subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable software agreement or other agreement executed or accepted by you. You may not modify, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble such software, and these Community Terms do not grant you any rights with respect to such software.

​​​​​​​     6.6. Trademarks

NortonLifeLock, the NortonLifeLockLogo, and other related graphics, logos, service marks, and trade names used on the Community Website are the trademarks of NortonLifeLock and may not be used without express written permission from NortonLifeLock. Other identifiers that may appear on the Community Website may be the property of their respective owners.

​​​​​​​     6.7. Digital Millennium Copyright Act

We respect the intellectual property of others. It is our policy to respond promptly to claims of intellectual property misuse and, where applicable, may include, in appropriate circumstances, disabling a participant’s ability to transmit and/or store material claimed to be the subject of infringing activity and/or terminating such participant’s ability to use the application at all.  Please see our Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (“DMCA”) policy here.

7. EXPORT COMPLIANCE

You agree to comply with all relevant export control laws, including US trade embargoes and sanctions and security requirements, and applicable country or local laws to the extent compatible with U.S. laws and you may not access, download, use or export the Community Website, or the Forum Content provided on the Community Website, in violation of U.S. export laws or regulations, or in violation of any other applicable export laws or regulations.

8. TERM AND TERMINATION

You understand that the Community Website is provided by NortonLifeLock as a convenience, but that NortonLifeLock may modify, alter, suspend, or discontinue any or all of the Community Website at any time.

We may suspend or terminate your access if you breach any of the material terms of the Community Terms, including your failure to comply with the Norton Community Participation Guidelines or other aspects of the Community Website terms. Upon termination, all your access rights to the Community Website will immediately cease and you must promptly discontinue all further use.

9. THIRD-PARTY SITES

The Community Website may provide links to third-party sites or resources, or may allow you to access content on a third-party website. Such resources or content may be subject to third-party terms of service and privacy policies. You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from, your use of any third-party sites or resources.

10. OUR LIABILITY

If we fail to provide the Community Website (or perform any other obligation) as set out in these Community Terms or as required by the law, we are responsible for loss or damage you suffer that is a foreseeable result of our failure or negligence. Loss or damage is foreseeable if you and us were both aware at the time we entered into these Community Terms that the losses or damages would be a likely result of us failing to perform our obligations.

We are not responsible for:

    losses or damages that are not foreseeable, beyond our control and which we cannot avoid through appropriate actions;
    losses or damages that are not caused by breach of our obligations set out in this Community Terms or at law;
    losses or damages that are caused by your breach of these Community Terms; or
    economic or intangible losses resulting from the performance of these Community Terms.

Nothing in these Community Terms limits or excludes our liability for: (a) death or personal injury caused by our negligence; (b) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; (c) willful misconduct or gross negligence; or (d) any matter in respect of which it would be unlawful for us to limit or exclude our liability.

11. GENERAL INFORMATION

​​​​​​​    11.1. Governing Law and Jurisdiction

These Community Terms are governed by the laws of the country you live in, and you can file legal disputes in the courts of that country. 

​​​​​​​     11.2. Waiver

Our failure to enforce any terms of these Community Terms is not a waiver of such term.

​​​​​​​     11.3. Changes

We may update or modify the Community Terms from time to time, including, by way of example only, due to a change to applicable law or to ensure better functionality of the Community Website, provided that the overall structure of the Community Website as a whole will not be changed to your disadvantage. We will notify you of modifications of the Community Terms via email notice to the most recent email address we hold for you, or postings of update notices, or " Product Update Announcements" section of the Community Website, or otherwise. The notice will give you the opportunity to refuse to comply with the changes by taking certain action specified in the notice. However, please note that if you do elect to refuse to accept such changes, we reserve the right to terminate your access to the Community Website provided that we are unable to provide the Community Website to you based on the unmodified Community Terms. In any event, you agree that your failure to object to the changes to these Community Terms within fourteen (14) days after we provide notice thereof will constitute your acceptance of such changes.

​​​​​​​   11.4. Severability

If a court of competent jurisdiction decides than any part of these Community Terms is invalid or unenforceable, the rest of the Community Terms shall still apply and remain fully enforceable.
 

Copyright © 2020 NortonLifeLock. All rights reserved.
Ask the NortonLifeLock Community
  Have a question? 
Ask the Community
Connect with Norton

Join the conversation with Norton about the latest in cybersecurity, tech, and safety advice:

    Chat with Norton Support
    Norton Facebook
    @NortonSupport Twitter
    Norton YouTube Channel

    Products
        Norton AntiVirus Plus
        Norton 360 Standard
        Norton 360 Deluxe
        Norton 360 with LifeLock Select
        Norton 360 with LifeLock Advantage
        Norton 360 with LifeLock Ultimate Plus
        Norton Secure VPN
        Norton Privacy Manager
        Norton Family Premier
        Norton Mobile Security for Android
        Norton Mobile Security for iOS
        Norton Utilities Premium
        Norton Small Busiiness
    Product Features
        Antivirus
        Virus Removal
        Malware Protection
        Cloud Backup
        Password Manager
        SafeCam
        Secure VPN
        Smart Firewall
        Dark Web Monitoring
    Services & Support
        Norton Services
        Norton Computer Tune Up
        Norton Ultimate Help Desk
        Spyware and Virus Removal
        Norton Safe Web
        Norton Safe Search
        Norton Student Discounts
        Norton Support
        Norton Update Center
        How to Renew
    Forums Help
        Frequently Asked Questions
        Search Tips
        Participation Guidelines
        Terms and Conditions

NortonLifeLock Logo © 2021 NortonLifeLock Inc. All rights reserved.

    Legal Notice License Agreement Privacy Policy Cookies 

