
Skip to Content

    US

    Products
        Packets
        Spoonable
        Spoonable Refill 
        Sweet Complete® Granulated All-Purpose
        Sweet Complete® Confectioners
        Sweet Complete® Brown 
        Brown Sugar Blend
        Cane Sugar Blend
        Organic Liquids Original Flavor
        Organic Liquids Vanilla Flavor 
    Free Sample Featured
    Try Truvia®
    Recipes
        Recipe Categories
        Conversion Charts 
    Dipping a strawberry in cream cheese fruit dip
    Cream Cheese Fruit Dip Recipe
    A spatula spreading creamy frosting on two-layered carrot cake
    Carrot Cake Recipe
    Why Truvia®?
        Truvia® & Low-Carb Diets
        Truvia® & Better Baking
        Truvia® & Diabetes
        Promise 
    Low Carb Featured
    Truvia® & Low-Carb Diets
    Diabetes featured
    Truvia® & Diabetes

Truvia

    Where to Buy
    Try Truvia®


Truvia Review-To-Win Giveaway Official Rules

NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE WILL NOT IMPROVE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. INTERNET AND FACEBOOK ACCESS IS REQUIRED TO ENTER.

1. ELIGIBILITY: The Truvia Review-To-Win Giveaway is offered and open only to legal residents of the fifty (50) United States and the District of Columbia (“United States”) who are 21 years of age or older and who currently reside in the United States at time of entry. Corporate employees, officers and directors of Cargill, Incorporated (“Sponsor”), Public Works (“Administrator”), Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) and their respective subsidiaries and affiliated companies, contractors and agents and any other individuals engaged in the development, production or distribution of materials for or the implementation of the Giveaway (collectively referred to herein as the “Giveaway Entities”), and the immediate family members (spouse, siblings, children and parents) and those living in the same household as such individuals (whether or not related) are not eligible to enter. Void where prohibited.

2. GIVEAWAY PERIOD: The Giveaway starts on or about 9:00 a.m. Central Time (“CT”) on September 14, 2020 and ends at 11:59 p.m. CT on September 30, 2020 (“Giveaway Period”). Participating markets in the Giveaway Period is a national market consisting of the entire United States (the fifty (50) states and the District of Columbia). There will be one (1) grand prize offered during the Giveaway Period in the national market for that phase (i.e. all United States markets). There will be one (1) drawing on October 1, 2020.

The drawing will include entries received during the designated drawing period between September 14, 2020 through September 30, 2020 (the “Entry Period”). All time referenced herein is Central Time. Administrator’s (or its authorized representative’s) server’s clock is the official time keeping device for the Giveaway.

3. HOW TO ENTER: During the applicable Entry Period: (i) access the Truvia Review-To-Win Giveaway post on Facebook or Instagram (“Social Account”), (ii) review a Truvia product on Truvia.com and indicate your review was part of a promotion, and you’re automatically entered to win. Failure to follow all steps will void the entry. Any entrant who uses fraudulent entry methods, enters through a Giveaway-entry service or similar methods, or otherwise attempts to participate more than hereby permitted will be disqualified and all entries by that entrant will be void. In case of dispute, entries will be declared made by the authorized account holder of the Social Account submitted at the time of entry. “Authorized account holder” is defined as the natural person who is assigned to an e-mail address by an Internet access provider, online service provider, or other organization (e.g., business, educational institution, etc.) that is responsible for assigning e-mail addresses for the domain associated with the submitted e-mail address.

Proof of submission of an entry shall not be deemed proof of receipt by the Administrator. Giveaway Entities assume no responsibility for lost, late, incomplete, inaccurate, stolen, misdirected or illegible entries; for any computer, telephone, cable network, electronic or Internet hardware or software malfunctions, failures, connections, or availability; for garbled, corrupt or jumbled transmissions; for service provider, Internet, Web site or user net accessibility or availability, hardware/software incompatibility, traffic congestion, unauthorized human intervention or any technical error; nor for the incorrect or inaccurate capture of entry or other information or for the failure to capture any such information. Only eligible entries received by Administrator in accordance with these Official Rules will be considered. By entering, entrants agree, among other things, to receive future email communications regarding the Giveaway and Sponsor’s advertising, promotional and marketing communications (you may opt out of the latter at any time without effect to your entry).

4. DRAWING/NOTIFICATION: Within one (1) working day from the end of the Entry Period a random drawing will be held by Administrator from all eligible entries received during the entire duration of that phase of the Giveaway Period. Only the number of prizes stated herein will be awarded. In no event will Giveaway Entities be responsible for awarding more than the stated number of prizes.

Eligible potential winner(s) will be notified using Facebook messages or a direct message in Instagram provided at time of entry through access of the Facebook or Instagram post. In the event a potential winner cannot be reached or fails to respond as directed within one (1) business day (or as otherwise directed), prize will be forfeited. Administrator may, but without obligation, attempt to award the prize to an alternate potential winner. Potential prize winners may be required to complete, have notarized and return an Affidavit of Eligibility, Liability and, where legal, Publicity Release (the “Release Documents”) within one (1) business day of notification.

In the event that technological, programming or other errors cause more than the stated number of prizes in any category, as indicated in these Official Rules, to be sent as notifications, distributed, claimed or received for any prize, Administrator reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to award only the stated number of prizes (in such prize category if applicable) by random drawing among all eligible claimants for the respective Drawing (in that prize category if applicable). Prize award is subject to verification of eligibility, and compliance with these Official Rules.

5. PRIZE(S)/ODDS: Four (4) prizes in the Giveaway Period. Grand prize: 1 food processor, 1 set of measuring cups, 1 bag Truvia Sweet Complete All-Purpose Sweetener, 1 bag of Truvia Confectioner Sweetener. The Approximate Retail Value (“ARV”) for prize #1 is $130.00 US dollars. The odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received during the applicable Entry Period or applicable phase of the Giveaway Period. No transfer, assignment or substitution of prize (in whole or in part) is permitted, except Administrator reserves the absolute right to substitute a prize of comparable value. Prizes are not redeemable for cash. The difference between the estimated ARV and actual value will not be awarded as cash, or otherwise. All federal, state and local taxes, if any, are the sole responsibility of the winner. The prize winners will be required to complete and submit an IRS Form W-9 with the winner’s full Social Security Number or the equivalent. Failure to submit a complete W-9 or equivalent will result in forfeiture of the prize. Winnings of $600.00 or more will be reported to the IRS. Any digital coupon is subject to the terms and conditions of issuer. Any prize pictured in advertising or promotional materials is for illustrative purposes only and may not be the actual prize awarded. Products awarded as prizes may not be sold, auctioned, bartered, assigned, exchanged, commercially transferred or donated, or otherwise placed into unauthorized commercial channels of distribution.

Prizes are awarded “AS IS” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.

6. GENERAL: By entering, entrants agree to abide by and be bound to these Official Rules and the decisions of Giveaway Entities, which are final and binding in all respects. The Administrator reserves the right to make changes in these Official Rules, including, without limitation, the substitution of a prize of equivalent value, which will become effective upon announcement. Failure to timely return or properly complete Release Documents, or if a potential winner/prize notification is ignored, undeliverable, untimely or otherwise not properly responded to within the time specified, or if a potential winner is or becomes ineligible or does not comply with these Official Rules, it may result in prize forfeiture, and in such event an alternate potential winner may be selected from remaining eligible entries received for the respective Drawing. Undeliverable, returned, unclaimed or un-awarded prizes will not be re-awarded. BY PARTICIPATING, ENTRANTS AGREE TO RELEASE, DISCHARGE AND HOLD HARMLESS THE GIVEAWAY ENTITIES, THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS, REPRESENTATIVES AND AGENTS AND ALL OF THEIR SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL ALLEGED OR ACTUAL CLAIMS, ACTIONS, DEMANDS, LOSSES, SETTLEMENTS (WHETHER OR NOT LITAGATION IS COMMENCED), LIABILITIES AND DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER EXISTING NOW OR ARISING IN THE FUTURE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, BODILY INJURY, PERSONAL INJURY, DEATH, DISABILITY AND PROPERTY DAMAGE OR LOSS), COSTS AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, REASONABLE ATTORNEYS’ FEES, COURT COSTS, SETTLEMENT AND DISBURSEMENTS) DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF THE DELIVERY, ACCEPTANCE, POSSESSION, USE OR MISUSE OF A PRIZE, PARTICIPATION IN ANY GIVEAWAY-RELATED ACTIVITY, ACCESS TO THE PROMOTIONAL SITES AND PAGES, AND/OR PARTICIPATION IN THIS GIVEAWAY, OR ANY ELEMENT THEREOF. By entering and/or accepting a prize, entrants hereby irrevocably consent, where lawful, to the use by Giveaway Entities (and their authorized representatives) of their name, image, photographs, videotape, likeness, hometown name, biographical information and voice for publicity, trade, advertising and promotional purposes in all media now known or hereafter developed worldwide, and on the Internet and World Wide Web, without additional compensation, and without the right of review, notification or approval.

This Giveaway is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with Facebook or Instagram. Entrants understand that they are providing information to Sponsor and Administrator and not to Facebook or Instagram. The information provided will be used for purposes of this Giveaway and may be shared among Sponsor and Administrator, in accordance with their respective privacy policies available at http://www.cargill.com/privacy/, https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy

7. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY: Giveaway Entities are not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused by Web site users, human error, tampering, hacking or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Giveaway or any element thereof and assume no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft, destruction or inability to access or unauthorized access to a Giveaway Page and/or site. Any use of robotic, automatic, macro, programmed or like entry methods will void all such entries by such methods, and disqualify any entrant using such methods. If, for any reason, the Giveaway or any element thereof, in whole or in part, is not capable of running as planned by reason of, but not limited to, infection by computer virus, worms, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failures or any other causes which Administrator deems, in its sole opinion, could corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Giveaway or any element thereof, Administrator reserves the right at its sole discretion to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the Giveaway and select the winner(s) at random from eligible, non-suspect entries received for the Giveaway prior to the action or as otherwise may be deemed fair and equitable by Administrator. Giveaway Entities shall not be liable to winner or any other person for failure to execute the Giveaway or any element thereof, or supply a prize, by reason of any act of God, any action(s), regulation(s) order(s) or request(s) by any governmental or quasi-governmental entity (whether or not the action(s), regulation(s), order(s) or request(s) prove(s) to be invalid), equipment failure, terrorist acts, cyber-attack, earthquake, war, fire, flood, explosion, unusually severe weather, hurricane, embargo, labor dispute or strike (whether legal or illegal), labor or material shortage, transportation interruption of any kind, work slow-down, civil disturbance, insurrection, riot or any similar or dissimilar event beyond their reasonable control.

In no event will Giveaway Entities or their respective officers, directors, employees, independent contractors, representatives or agents, be responsible or liable for any damages or losses of any kind, including direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages arising out of your access to, and use of, any participating internet site(s), Facebook Page(s), Instagram site, Giveaway Page(s) or the downloading from and/or printing material downloaded from said site(s) or page(s). Without limiting the foregoing, everything on such participating sites is provided “AS IS” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Some jurisdictions may not allow the limitations or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages or exclusion of implied warranties.

Prizes may be mailed to the winners and winner assumes the risk of loss of the prize. The Giveaway Entities are not responsible for the safe arrival of a prize.

8. WINNERS LIST: For a copy of these Official Rules, send a self-addressed stamped envelope for receipt by 11/01/2020 to “Truvia Food Processor Giveaway – Official Rules,” Attn: Cara Garfield, 3408 167th Ln NE, Ham Lake, MN 55304 For the names of the prize winner send a self-addressed stamped envelope for receipt by 11/01/2020 to the above address marked “Truvia Review-To-Win Giveaway – Winners List”. (VT residents may omit return postage.) The Official Rules and the Winner List (when completed) shall also be available during regular business hours at the main offices of the Administrator at the above address.

9. SPONSOR: Cargill, Incorporated, Cargill Office Center, P.O. Box 9300, Minneapolis, MN 55440.

    Products
    Recipes
    Why Truvia®
    Where to Buy

    Sweet Somethings Club
    Food Service

    FAQ
    Contact Us

    Follow Us

    Privacy Policy Terms of Use
    ©2021 The Truvia® Company, LLC
    Manage Cookies
    California Residents - Do Not Sell My Personal Information 

​