
Skip To Main Content
Limited time offer 
- Must File by 3/27
100% FREE Fed & State, plus a free expert final review. Simple tax returns only. File for $0
Offer details
expand navigation options

TurboTax Terms of Use

Be sure to read the Terms of Use below, as they cover the terms and conditions that apply to your use of this website (the "Website," or "Site"). Intuit Consumer Group LLC ("Intuit") may change the Terms of Use from time to time. By continuing to use the Site following such modifications, you agree to be bound by such modifications to the Terms of Use.

General Terms and Conditions. In consideration of use of the Site, you agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the registration page and (b) to maintain and update this information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If any information provided by you is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Intuit has the right to terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Site. You agree not to resell or transfer the Site or use of or access to the Site.

You acknowledge and agree that you must: (a) provide for your own access to the World Wide Web and pay any service fees associated with such access, and (b) provide all equipment necessary for you to make such connection to the World Wide Web, including a computer and modem or other access device.

By using the TurboTax.com web site, including any applets, software, and content contained therein, you agree that use of the Site is entirely at your own risk. THE SITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS," WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY FOR INFORMATION, DATA, SERVICES, UNINTERRUPTED ACCESS, OR PRODUCTS PROVIDED THROUGH OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE. SPECIFICALLY, INTUIT DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO: (1) ANY WARRANTIES CONCERNING THE AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY, USEFULNESS, OR CONTENT OF INFORMATION, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES AND (2) ANY WARRANTIES OF TITLE, WARRANTY OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THIS DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY APPLIES TO ANY DAMAGES OR INJURY CAUSED BY ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DELETION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS, COMMUNICATION LINE FAILURE, THEFT OR DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO, ALTERATION OF, OR USE OF RECORD, WHETHER FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORTUOUS BEHAVIOR, NEGLIGENCE, OR UNDER ANY OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION.

NEITHER INTUIT NOR ANY OF ITS EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, AFFILIATES, WEBSITE CO-BRANDING PROVIDERS OR CONTENT OR SERVICE PROVIDERS SHALL BE LIABLE TO YOU OR OTHER THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF USE OF SERVICE OR INABILITY TO GAIN ACCESS TO OR USE THE SERVICE OR OUT OF ANY BREACH OF ANY WARRANTY. BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH STATES, THE RESPECTIVE LIABILITY OF INTUIT, ITS EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, AFFILIATES, WEBSITE CO-BRANDING PROVIDERS AND CONTENT OR SERVICE PROVIDERS RESPECTIVE LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH STATE LAW.

Intuit is the owner and/or authorized user of any trademark, registered trademark and/or service mark appearing at this Web Site, and is the copyright owner or licensee of the content and/or information on this Website including but not limited to any screens appearing at the Site. You may not download and/or save a copy of any of the screens except as otherwise provided in these Terms of Use, for any purpose. However, you may print a copy of the information on this Site for your personal use or records. If you make other use of this Site, except as otherwise provided above, you may violate copyright and other laws of the United States, other countries, as well as applicable state laws and may be subject to penalties. Intuit does not grant any license or other authorization to any user of its trademarks, registered trademarks, service marks, or other copyrightable material or other intellectual property, by placing them on this Website.

Intuit reserves the right to change any information on this Website including but not limited to revising and/or deleting features or other information without prior notice. Clicking on certain links within this Website might take you to other web sites for which Intuit assumes no responsibility of any kind for the content, availability or otherwise. (See "Links from and to this Website" below.) The content presented at this Site may vary depending upon your browser limitations.
User Conduct On the Site. While using the Site, you may not:

    Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Site; or
    Post or transmit any unlawful, fraudulent, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, profane, threatening, abusive, hateful, offensive, or otherwise objectionable information of any kind, including without limitation any transmissions constituting or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any local, state, national or foreign law, including without limitation the U.S. export control laws and regulations; or
    Post or transmit any advertisements, solicitations, chain letters, pyramid schemes, investment opportunities or schemes or other unsolicited commercial communication (except as otherwise expressly permitted by Intuit) or engage in spamming or flooding; or
    Post or transmit any information or software which contains a virus, trojan horse, worm or other harmful component; or
    Post, publish, transmit, reproduce, distribute or in any way exploit any information, software or other material obtained through the Site for commercial purposes (other than as expressly permitted by the provider of such information, software or other material); or
    Upload, post, publish, transmit, reproduce, or distribute in any way, information, software or other material obtained through the Site which is protected by copyright, or other proprietary right, or derivative works with respect thereto, without obtaining permission of the copyright owner or rightholder; or
    Upload, post, publish, reproduce, transmit or distribute in any way any component of the Site itself or derivative works with respect thereto, as the Site is copyrighted as a collective work under U.S. copyright laws.

Intuit has no obligation to monitor the Site. However, you acknowledge and agree that Intuit has the right to monitor the Site electronically from time to time and to disclose any information as necessary or appropriate to satisfy any law, regulation or other governmental request, to operate the Site properly, or to protect itself or its customers. Intuit will not intentionally monitor or disclose any private electronic-mail message unless required by law. Intuit reserves the right to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, that, in its sole discretion, are unacceptable, undesirable, inappropriate or in violation of these Terms of Use.

Unless otherwise indicated for a particular communication, any communications or material of any kind that you e-mail, post or otherwise transmit through this Website, including data, questions, comments or suggestions ("your Communications") will be treated as non-confidential and nonproprietary. In addition, Intuit is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in your Communications for any purpose including, but not limited to, developing and marketing products using such information without compensation to you.

Failure to Comply With Terms and Conditions and Termination. You acknowledge and agree that Intuit may terminate your password or account or deny you access to all or part of the Site without prior notice if you engage in any conduct or activities that Intuit in its sole discretion believes violate any of the terms and conditions, violate the rights of Intuit, or is otherwise inappropriate for continued access.

You acknowledge and agree that Intuit may in its sole discretion deny you access through Intuit to any materials stored on the Internet, or to access third party services, merchandise or information on the Internet through Intuit, and Intuit shall have no responsibility to notify any third-party providers of services, merchandise or information nor any responsibility for any consequences resulting from lack of notification.

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Intuit and its affiliates harmless from any and all claims, liabilities, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising in any way from your use of the Site or the placement or transmission of any message, information, software or other materials through the Site by you or users of your account or related to any violation of these Terms of Use by you or users of your account.

Links from and to this Website. You acknowledge and agree that Intuit and any of its website co-branding providers have no responsibility for the accuracy or availability of information provided by linked sites. Links to external web sites do not constitute an endorsement by Intuit or its website co-branding providers of the sponsors of such sites or the content, products, advertising or other materials presented on such sites.

Information in the many web pages that are linked to Intuit's Website comes from a variety of sources. Some of this information comes from official Intuit licensees, but much of it comes from unofficial or unaffiliated organizations and individuals, both internal and external to Intuit. Intuit does not author, edit, or monitor these unofficial pages or links. You acknowledge and agree that Intuit and its Website Co-branding Providers shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on such external sites or resources.

Other Information. Intuit is taking reasonable and appropriate measures, including encryption, to ensure that your personal information is disclosed only to those specified by you. However, the Internet is an open system and we cannot and do not guarantee that the personal information you have entered will not be intercepted by others and decrypted.

If you wish to make purchases through the Site, you may be asked by the merchant or information or service provider from whom you are making the purchase to supply certain information, including credit card or other payment mechanism information. You agree not to hold Intuit liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as a result of any such dealings with any merchant or information or service provider through the Site. You agree that all information you provide any merchant or information or service provider through the Site for purposes of making purchases will be accurate, complete and current. The merchants and information and service providers offering merchandise, information and services through the Site set their own prices and may change prices or institute new prices at any time. You agree to pay all charges incurred by users of your account and credit card or other payment mechanism at the prices in effect when such charges are incurred. You also will be responsible for paying any applicable taxes relating to purchases through the Site.

IRS Circular 230 Notice. Nothing in our communications with you (including, but not limited to, any emails, web site content, attachments, enclosures or other accompanying materials) relating to any federal tax transaction or matter are considered to be "covered opinions" as described in Circular 230.

Miscellaneous. The Terms of Use and the relationship between you and Intuit shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

The failure of Intuit to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Terms of Use is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms of Use remain in full force and effect.

Disputes. ANY DISPUTE OR CLAIM RELATING IN ANY WAY TO YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING ARBITRATION, RATHER THAN IN COURT, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify. Additionally, under Consumer Arbitration Rule 9(b) either party may elect to take a claim to small claims court, even after filing an arbitration. The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision; the arbitrator shall apply California law to all other matters. All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, including issues relating to the scope and enforceability of this arbitration provision. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, any party to the arbitration may at any time seek injunctions or other forms of equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction. WE EACH AGREE THAT ANY AND ALL DISPUTES MUST BE BROUGHT IN THE PARTIES' INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREEING TO ARBITRATION, YOU AGREE THAT YOU AND INTUIT ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT AND THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY. IN ADDITION, YOU AGREE TO WAIVE THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION OR LITIGATE ON A CLASS-WIDE BASIS. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE EXPRESSLY AND KNOWINGLY WAIVED THESE RIGHTS.

To begin an arbitration proceeding, send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to Intuit Inc., in care of our registered agent Corporation Service Company, 251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington, DE 19808. Arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) before a single AAA arbitrator under the AAA’s rules, which are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees and costs will be governed by the AAA's rules, but if you are unable to pay any of them, Intuit will pay them for you. In addition, Intuit will reimburse all such fees and costs for claims totaling less than $75,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. Likewise, Intuit will not seek its attorneys’ fees or costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines your claims or defenses are frivolous. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and not appealable, and judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. This section shall survive expiration, termination or rescission of these Terms of Use.

    Your security.
    Built into everything we do.
    Here's how

* Important Offer Details and Disclosures

TURBOTAX GUARANTEES

    TurboTax Free Guarantee: $0 Federal + $0 State + $0 To File offer is available for simple tax returns with TurboTax Free Edition. A simple tax return is Form 1040 only (without any additional schedules) OR Form 1040 + Unemployment Income. Situations covered include:

        W-2 income
        Limited interest and dividend income reported on a 1099-INT or 1099-DIV
        Claiming the standard deduction
        Earned Income Tax Credit (EIC)
        Child tax credits
        Unemployment Income reported on a 1099-G

    100% Accurate Calculations Guarantee: If you pay an IRS or state penalty or interest because of a TurboTax calculation error, we’ll pay you the penalty and interest.

    Maximum Refund Guarantee - or Your Money Back: If you get a larger refund or smaller tax due from another tax preparation method, we'll refund the applicable TurboTax federal and/or state purchase price paid. TurboTax Online Free Edition customers are entitled to payment of $30.

    100% Accurate Expert Approved Guarantee: If you pay an IRS or state penalty (or interest) because of an error that a tax expert or CPA made while providing topic-specific tax advice, a section review, or acting as a signed preparer for your return, we'll pay you the penalty and interest.

    Audit Support Guarantee: If you received an audit letter based on your 2020 TurboTax return, we will provide one-on-one support with a tax professional as requested through our Audit Support Center for returns filed with TurboTax for the current tax year (2020) and the past two tax years (2019, 2018). If we are not able to connect you to one of our tax professionals, we will refund the applicable TurboTax federal and/or state purchase price paid. TurboTax Free Edition customers are entitled to payment of $30. We will not represent you or provide legal advice. Excludes TurboTax Business.

    Satisfaction Guaranteed:
        If you use TurboTax Online or Mobile:
        Satisfaction Guaranteed — or you don't pay. You may use TurboTax Online without charge up to the point you decide to print or electronically file your tax return. Printing or electronically filing your return reflects your satisfaction with TurboTax Online, at which time you will be required to pay or register for the product.
        If you bought TurboTax Live from a retailer:
        Try TurboTax Live. If you're not satisfied with your purchase and have not filed or printed your return, return it to Intuit within 60 days of purchase with your dated receipt for a full refund (excluding shipping & handling).
        If you bought or downloaded TurboTax software from a retailer:
        Try TurboTax software. If you're not satisfied, return it to Intuit within 60 days of purchase with your dated receipt for a full refund.
        If you bought or downloaded TurboTax software directly from us:
        Try TurboTax software. If you're not satisfied, return it within 60 days of shipment with your dated receipt for a full refund (excluding shipping & handling).

TURBOTAX ONLINE/MOBILE

    Try for Free/Pay When You File: TurboTax online and mobile pricing is based on your tax situation and varies by product. TurboTax Free Edition ($0 Federal + $0 State + $0 To File) is available for simple tax returns only; offer may change or end at any time without notice. Actual prices are determined at the time of print or e-file and are subject to change without notice. Special discount offers may not be valid for mobile in-app purchases.

    TurboTax Live Basic Offer: Offer only available with TurboTax Live Basic and for simple tax returns only. Must file by March 27, 2021 to be eligible for the offer. Includes state(s) and one (1) federal tax filing. Intuit reserves the right to modify or terminate this TurboTax Live Basic Offer at any time for any reason in its sole and absolute discretion. If you add services, your service fees will be adjusted accordingly. If filed after March 27, 2021, you will be charged the then-current list price for TurboTax Live Basic and state tax filing is an additional fee. See current prices here.

    Pays for itself (TurboTax Self-Employed): Estimates based on deductible business expenses calculated at the self-employment tax income rate (15.3%) for tax year 2020. Actual results will vary based on your tax situation.

    Anytime, anywhere: Internet access required; standard data rates apply to download and use mobile app.

    Fastest refund possible: Fastest tax refund with e-file and direct deposit; tax refund time frames will vary. The IRS issues more than 9 out of 10 refunds in less than 21 days.

    Pay for TurboTax out of your federal refund: A $40 Refund Processing Service fee applies to this payment method. Prices are subject to change without notice.

    TurboTax Help and Support: Access to a TurboTax specialist is included with TurboTax Deluxe, Premier, Self-Employed, TurboTax Live, and TurboTax Live Full Service; not included with Free Edition (but is available as an upgrade). TurboTax specialists are available to provide general customer help and support using the TurboTax product. SmartLook on-screen help is available on a PC, laptop or the TurboTax mobile app. Service, area of expertise, experience levels, wait times, hours of operation and availability vary, and are subject to restriction and change without notice.

    Tax Advice, Expert Review and TurboTax Live: Access to tax advice and Expert Review (the ability to have a Tax Expert review and/or sign your tax return) is included with TurboTax Live or as an upgrade from another version, and available through December 31, 2021. These services are provided only by tax experts or CPAs. Some tax topics or situations may not be included as part of this service, which shall be determined in the tax expert’s sole discretion. For TurboTax Live , if your return requires a significant level of tax advice or actual preparation, the tax expert may be required to sign as the preparer at which point they will assume primary responsibility for the preparation of your return. For the Full Service product, the tax expert will sign your return as preparer. On-screen help is available on a desktop, laptop or the TurboTax mobile app. Unlimited access to tax experts or CPAs refers to an unlimited quantity of contacts available to each customer, but does not refer to hours of operation or service coverage. Service, area of expertise, experience levels, wait times, hours of operation and availability vary, and are subject to restriction and change without notice.

    TurboTax Live Full Service – Qualification for Offer: Depending on your tax situation, you may be asked to answer additional questions to determine your qualification for the Full Service offer. Certain tax situations do not qualify for the Full Service offering. These situations may include but are not limited to multiple sources of business income, large amounts of cryptocurrency transactions, taxable foreign assets and/or significant foreign investment income. Offer details subject to change at any time without notice. Intuit, in its sole discretion and at any time, may determine that certain tax topics, forms and/or situations are not included as part of TurboTax Live Full Service. Intuit reserves the right to refuse to prepare a tax return for any reason in its sole discretion. See Terms of Service for details.

    Smart Insights: Included with TurboTax Deluxe, Premier, Self-Employed, TurboTax Live, TurboTax Live Full Service, or with PLUS benefits and is available through 11/1/2022. Terms and conditions may vary and are subject to change without notice.

    My Docs features: Included with TurboTax Deluxe, Premier, Self-Employed, TurboTax Live, TurboTax Live Full Service, or with PLUS benefits and is available through 12/31/2022. Terms and conditions may vary and are subject to change without notice.

    Tax Return Access: Included with all TurboTax Deluxe, Premier, Self-Employed, TurboTax Live, TurboTax Live Full Service, or prior year PLUS benefits customers and access to up to the prior seven years of tax returns we have on file for you is available through 12/31/2022. Terms and conditions may vary and are subject to change without notice.

    Easy Online Amend: Included with TurboTax Deluxe, Premier, Self-Employed, TurboTax Live, TurboTax Live Full Service, or with PLUS benefits. Make changes to your 2020 tax return online for up to 3 years after it has been filed and accepted by the IRS through 10/31/2023. Terms and conditions may vary and are subject to change without notice. For TurboTax Live Full Service, your tax expert will amend your 2020 tax return for you through 11/30/2021. After 11/30/2021 TurboTax Live Full Service customers will be able to amend their 2020 tax return themselves using the Easy Online Amend process described above.

    #1 best-selling tax software: Based on aggregated sales data for all tax year 2019 TurboTax products.

    Most Popular: TurboTax Deluxe is our most popular product among TurboTax Online users with more complex tax situations.

    CompleteCheck: Covered under the TurboTax accurate calculations and maximum refund guarantees.

    1099-NEC Snap and Autofill: Available in TurboTax Self-Employed and TurboTax Live Self-Employed starting 1/25/2021. Available in mobile app only. Feature available within Schedule C tax form for TurboTax filers with 1099-NEC income.

    Year-Round Tax Estimator: Available in TurboTax Self-Employed and TurboTax Live Self-Employed starting by end of February. This product feature is only available after you finish and file in a self-employed product.

TURBOTAX CD/DOWNLOAD

    Installation requirements: Product activation required via Internet. Download option requires free online Intuit account. You must accept the TurboTax License Agreement to use this product. Not for use by paid preparers.

    TurboTax CD/Download products: Price includes tax preparation and printing of federal tax returns and free federal e-file of up to 5 federal tax returns. Additional fees apply for e-filing state returns. E-file fees do not apply to New York state returns. Prices subject to change without notice.

    Fastest refund possible: Fastest tax refund with e-file and direct deposit; tax refund time frames will vary. The IRS issues more than 9 out of 10 refunds in less than 21 days.

    Pay for additional TurboTax services out of your federal refund: A $40 Refund Processing Service fee applies to this payment method. Prices are subject to change without notice. This benefit is available with TurboTax Federal products except TurboTax Business.

    About our TurboTax Product Experts: Customer service and product support vary by time of year.

    #1 best-selling tax software: Based on aggregated sales data for all tax year 2019 TurboTax products.

    Data Import: Imports financial data from participating companies; may require a free Intuit online account. Quicken and QuickBooks import not available with TurboTax installed on a Mac. Imports from Quicken (2018 and higher) and QuickBooks Desktop (2018 and higher); both Windows only. Quicken import not available for TurboTax Business. Quicken products provided by Quicken Inc., Quicken import subject to change.

    **Invite a Friend reward good for up to 10 friends, or $250 – see official terms and conditions for more details



About

    TurboTax online guarantees
    TurboTax security and fraud protection
    Tax forms included
    with TurboTax
    TurboTax en español
    Self-employed tax center
    Tax Expert Network
    Tax reform center
    Tax Refund Advance
    E-file Taxes Online
    Coronavirus and
    Your Taxes
    Self Employed COVID-19 Relief
    Unemployment Benefits and Taxes

Online Software Products

    TurboTax login
    Compare TurboTax products
    All online tax
    preparation software
    Free Edition tax filing
    Deluxe to maximize
    tax deductions
    Premier investment & rental property taxes
    Self-employed taxes
    Military tax filing discount
    TurboTax Live Tax Expert Products
    How TurboTax Live Works
    TurboTax Live Basic Full Service
    TurboTax Live Deluxe Full Service
    TurboTax Live Premier Full Service
    TurboTax Live Self-Employed Full Service

CD/Download Products

    TurboTax CD/
    download login
    Compare CD/
    download products
    All CD/
    download products
    Check order status
    TurboTax Advantage program
    TurboTax Business
    for corps
    Products for previous
    tax years
    TurboTax Desktop guarantees

Mobile Tax Apps

    All TurboTax
    mobile apps
    Official TurboTax
    mobile app
    TaxCaster refund estimator app
    ItsDeductible donation tracker app

Help and Support

    TurboTax support
    Contact us
    TurboTax Advantage support
    Where's My Refund
    Pay NY Estimated Taxes
    Getting started
    with TurboTax
    Refund status support
    Common tax questions
    After filing your taxes

Tax Tools and Tips

    Stimulus Check Calculator
    All tax tips and videos
    Tax calculators & tools
    TaxCaster tax calculator
    Tax bracket calculator
    Check e-file status
    refund tracker
    W-4 withholding calculator
    ItsDeductible donation tracker
    Self-employed expense estimator

Social

    TurboTax customer reviews
    TurboTax blog
    Invite-a-Friend Referral
    TurboTax Super Bowl commercial
    Community
    Intuit Tax &
    Financial Center

More Products from Intuit

    TurboTax Canada
    Mint budget tracker
    Accounting software
    Payroll
    QuickBooks Payments
    Professional tax software
    Professional accounting software
    More from Intuit

Tax Expert Hub: A-D

    Tax Experts
    for Atlanta
    Tax Experts
    for Baltimore
    Tax Experts
    for Boston
    Tax Experts
    for Charlotte
    Tax Experts
    for Chicago
    Tax Experts
    for Cleveland
    Tax Experts
    for Dallas
    Tax Experts
    for Denver
    Tax Experts
    for Detroit

Tax Expert Hub: E-N

    Tax Experts
    for Fort Worth
    Tax Experts
    for Houston
    Tax Experts
    for Las Vegas
    Tax Experts
    for Los Angeles
    Tax Experts
    for Miami
    Tax Experts
    for Minneapolis
    Tax Experts
    for New York

Tax Expert Hub: O-R

    Tax Experts
    for Oakland
    Tax Experts
    for Orlando
    Tax Experts
    for Philadelphia
    Tax Experts
    for Phoenix
    Tax Experts
    for Portland
    Tax Experts
    for Raleigh

Tax Expert Hub: S-Z

    Tax Experts
    for Sacramento
    Tax Experts
    for St. Louis
    Tax Experts
    for San Diego
    Tax Experts
    for San Francisco
    Tax Experts
    for San Jose
    Tax Experts
    for Seattle
    Tax Experts
    for Tampa
    Tax Experts
    for Washington D.C.

Sitemap
Contrast
Intuit, powering prosperity

    About Intuit
    Join Our Team
    Press
    Privacy
    Security
    Software and Licenses
    Trademark Notices
    Affiliates and Partners

©1997-2021 Intuit, Inc. All rights reserved.
Intuit, QuickBooks, QB, TurboTax, ProConnect, and Mint are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc. Terms and conditions, features, support, pricing, and service options subject to change without notice.

Security Certification of the TurboTax Online application has been performed by C-Level Security.

By accessing and using this page you agree to the Terms of Use.

Accessibility
Privacy Settings